Who is the author of the book , `` The Iron Lady : A Biography of Margaret Thatcher '' ?	the IRON LADY ; A Biography of Margaret Thatcher by Hugo Young -LRB- Farrar , Straus & Giroux -RRB-	1
Who is the author of the book , `` The Iron Lady : A Biography of Margaret Thatcher '' ?	in this same revisionist mold , Hugo Young , the distinguished British journalist , has performed a brilliant dissection of the notion of Thatcher as a conservative icon .	1
Who is the author of the book , `` The Iron Lady : A Biography of Margaret Thatcher '' ?	in `` The Iron Lady , '' Young traces the winding staircase of fortune that transformed the younger daughter of a provincial English grocer into the greatest woman political leader since Catherine the Great .	1
Who is the author of the book , `` The Iron Lady : A Biography of Margaret Thatcher '' ?	`` He is the very essence of the classless meritocrat , '' says Hugo Young , Thatcher 's biographer .	1
Who is the author of the book , `` The Iron Lady : A Biography of Margaret Thatcher '' ?	From her father , Young argues , she inherited a `` joyless earnestness '' that combined with her early interest in science to produce the roots of her public character .	0
Who is the author of the book , `` The Iron Lady : A Biography of Margaret Thatcher '' ?	And boys they were , teen-agers too young for the exercise of informed free will , yet sent on missions to Vietnam that many would later consider immoral .	0
Who is the author of the book , `` The Iron Lady : A Biography of Margaret Thatcher '' ?	To read Young is to discover that certain suspect analogies have informed the American perception of Thatcher as a conservative heroine .	0
Who is the author of the book , `` The Iron Lady : A Biography of Margaret Thatcher '' ?	Young makes a persuasive case for the view that Thatcher 's less-than-true-blue ideology was mirrored in her policies .	0
Who is the author of the book , `` The Iron Lady : A Biography of Margaret Thatcher '' ?	The Tory campaign manifesto drawn up for the 1979 election that made Thatcher prime minister , in Young 's words , `` openly contemplated the perpetuation of the comfortable welfare state . ''	0
Who is the author of the book , `` The Iron Lady : A Biography of Margaret Thatcher '' ?	Despite Thatcher 's own ambition to go `` on and on , '' Young argues that in fact her era has come and gone .	0
Who is the author of the book , `` The Iron Lady : A Biography of Margaret Thatcher '' ?	`` Normally , I discourage people from entering politics if they have a young family and do n't have money , '' Barber said on Tuesday .	0
Who is the author of the book , `` The Iron Lady : A Biography of Margaret Thatcher '' ?	BIOGRAPHY	0
Who is the author of the book , `` The Iron Lady : A Biography of Margaret Thatcher '' ?	This second volume of Ward 's lively and psychologically revealing biography begins with his honeymoon abroad in 1905 and concludes with his election as Governor of New York in 1928 .	0
Who is the author of the book , `` The Iron Lady : A Biography of Margaret Thatcher '' ?	The central riddle revealed here is why , as a woman in a man 's world , Margaret Thatcher evinces such an exclusionary attitude toward women .	0
Who is the author of the book , `` The Iron Lady : A Biography of Margaret Thatcher '' ?	The author , whose career as a political columnist has coincided with Thatcher 's as political leader , describes two qualities that are her greatest strengths : her `` sense of moral rectitude '' and her political intuition .	0
Who is the author of the book , `` The Iron Lady : A Biography of Margaret Thatcher '' ?	The Pulitizer Prize-winning author 's second book in a projected four -volume work on the life of one of our most complex presidents .	0
Who is the author of the book , `` The Iron Lady : A Biography of Margaret Thatcher '' ?	The author , a former investigative journalist , was able to elicit untapped recollections from Johnson 's old cronies .	0
Who is the author of the book , `` The Iron Lady : A Biography of Margaret Thatcher '' ?	SIMONE DE BEAUVOIR ; A Biography by Deirdre Bair -LRB- Summit Books -RRB-	0
Who is the author of the book , `` The Iron Lady : A Biography of Margaret Thatcher '' ?	It took the author , recipient of the National Book Award for her biography of Samuel Beckett , seven years to answer these questions .	0
Who is the author of the book , `` The Iron Lady : A Biography of Margaret Thatcher '' ?	As a member of the white master tribe of South Africa , the author grew up thinking himself a `` Just White Man . ''	0
Who is the author of the book , `` The Iron Lady : A Biography of Margaret Thatcher '' ?	A passionately told epic of China by Yale professor and historian Spence , author of eight other acclaimed works on China .	0
Who is the author of the book , `` The Iron Lady : A Biography of Margaret Thatcher '' ?	The author 's dilemma was where to begin in a recorded history that spans 4,000 years .	0
Who is the author of the book , `` The Iron Lady : A Biography of Margaret Thatcher '' ?	There are two aspects of the Margaret Thatcher phenomenon -- neither of which is addressed in this splendid British biography -- that every thinking American needs to keep in mind when assessing the achievements of this remarkable woman .	0
Who is the author of the book , `` The Iron Lady : A Biography of Margaret Thatcher '' ?	Major , at 47 the youngest of Britain 's 18 prime ministers in this century , is himself a model of such a grit-and-guts rise out of poverty .	0
Who is the author of the book , `` The Iron Lady : A Biography of Margaret Thatcher '' ?	She has been active in local Huntingdon charities , and in 1987 she published a biography of opera singer Joan Sutherland .	0
Who is the author of the book , `` The Iron Lady : A Biography of Margaret Thatcher '' ?	He will succeed Margaret Thatcher as prime minister .	0
Who is the author of the book , `` The Iron Lady : A Biography of Margaret Thatcher '' ?	ON THE ECONOMY : In the mold of Margaret Thatcher , Major is a rigorous free-marketeer who will follow her policies of selling nationalized industries and holding down government spending .	0
What was the monetary value of the Nobel Peace Prize in 1989 ?	each Nobel Prize is worth $ 469,000 .	1
What was the monetary value of the Nobel Peace Prize in 1989 ?	Prize Worth $ 469,000	0
What was the monetary value of the Nobel Peace Prize in 1989 ?	The Nobel Prize in physics was awarded today to two Americans and a West German whose work led to the atomic clock used as an international standard .	0
What was the monetary value of the Nobel Peace Prize in 1989 ?	The chemistry prize went to two Americans for the discovery of surprising properties of the genetic material RNA .	0
What was the monetary value of the Nobel Peace Prize in 1989 ?	The Nobel Prize in chemistry is shared by Thomas Cech , 41 , of the University of Colorado , and Sidney Altman , 50 , of Yale University .	0
What was the monetary value of the Nobel Peace Prize in 1989 ?	Half the physics prize will go to Ramsey , 74 .	0
What was the monetary value of the Nobel Peace Prize in 1989 ?	Americans have shared or won the chemistry prize 36 times among the 112 times it has been awarded since 1901 .	0
What was the monetary value of the Nobel Peace Prize in 1989 ?	Fifty-two of the 134 recipients of the physics prize have been Americans .	0
What was the monetary value of the Nobel Peace Prize in 1989 ?	He went unrecognized by the dozens of reporters on hand for the Dalai Lama 's first Lhasang , or mountain blessing , since the Tibetan god/king won the 1989 Nobel Peace Prize 10 days ago .	0
What was the monetary value of the Nobel Peace Prize in 1989 ?	But he took full advantage of the hoards of minicams and shotgun microphones aimed at him Tuesday during the first U.S. stop in his `` Pilgrimage for Active Peace , '' organized by Buddhist leader Tai Situpa XII .	0
What was the monetary value of the Nobel Peace Prize in 1989 ?	upon his arrival by helicopter for the Lhasang ceremony , the pacific grin never left the Nobel laureate 's face .	0
What was the monetary value of the Nobel Peace Prize in 1989 ?	Since his elevation by the Nobel Committee and , subsequently , the media , to the instant international status of Peace Prize winner , he has become a very different kind of god/ king .	0
What does the Peugeot company manufacture ?	France 's Peugeot will deliver diesel motors for these trucks .	1
What does the Peugeot company manufacture ?	a few cable lengths distant from the Pyramids , Peugeot opened the doors of its Cairo plant to the press on 26 January , for the launching of its `` made in Egypt `` 405 .	1
What does the Peugeot company manufacture ?	by 1995 , Peugeot aims to capture some 25 percent of the Egyptian market for personal automobiles .	1
What does the Peugeot company manufacture ?	Peugeot is increasing the capacity of its Canton plant , with plans calling for a capacity of 50,000 vehicles by 1995 .	1
What does the Peugeot company manufacture ?	a basic agreement has been signed for the building of a second ultramodern plant capable of manufacturing 100,000 Peugeot 405 sedans annually by the year 2000 .	1
What does the Peugeot company manufacture ?	in India , Peugeot plans to produce 60,000 Peugeot 309 sedans annually , near Bombay , beginning around the end of 1994 .	1
What does the Peugeot company manufacture ?	Peugeot TALBOT , the UK subsidiary of Peugeot , the French car maker , reported an 11 per cent decline in pre-tax profits from a record Pounds 123m to Pounds 109m in 1990 .	1
What does the Peugeot company manufacture ?	output rose by 8.5 per cent last year to 116,500 vehicles , the highest level achieved by the Ryton plant since 1971 .	1
What does the Peugeot company manufacture ?	importantly the company disclosed yesterday that it would revert to producing two model ranges at the Ryton assembly plant from mid-1992 , when it adds production of a new lower-medium segment car to the existing Peugeot 405 range .	1
What does the Peugeot company manufacture ?	the new range will replace the existing Peugeot 309 in the European market next year .	1
What does the Peugeot company manufacture ?	the 309 was produced at Ryton from 1986 to 1989 , when production was switched exclusively to the 405 in order to ease capacity constraints at Peugeot 's French assembly plants .	1
What does the Peugeot company manufacture ?	peugeot car sales in the UK last year fell by 11 per cent to 124,000 compared with a fall in the overall UK new car market of 12.7 per cent .	1
What does the Peugeot company manufacture ?	peugeot Citroen 's 1991 net profit was probably 'somewhat below ' that of the previous year , Mr Jacques Calvet , chairman of the French car maker , said yesterday , AP - DJ reports .	1
What does the Peugeot company manufacture ?	like Peugeot , Fiat stresses the financial burden of developing purpose-built EVs -LRB- electric vehicles -RRB- for a market that currently does not exist .	1
What does the Peugeot company manufacture ?	'but at a volume of 10,000 - 15,000 units a year it becomes financially viable to develop and manufacture purpose-built electric cars , ' says Panizza .	1
What does the Peugeot company manufacture ?	'ordinary ' cars such as Cinquecento or Peugeot 106 are not ideal for adaptation .	1
What does the Peugeot company manufacture ?	the decision to withdraw all design and development activities from the UK inevitably created fears that Peugeot Talbot would become just a sales company for foreign-built Peugeots .	1
What does the Peugeot company manufacture ?	two years later , with the larger 405 proving one of Europe 's major success stories , Ryton was dedicated to producing the 405 exclusively .	1
What does the Peugeot company manufacture ?	that was nine years ago , and not long after he had parted company with car maker Peugeot Talbot as its sales operations director in the UK .	1
What does the Peugeot company manufacture ?	automobiles Peugeot , the French car maker , has joined forces with Inchcape , the British trading company , in an effort to boost car sales in Japan .	1
What does the Peugeot company manufacture ?	the two companies said yesterday they would invest more than Y2bn -LRB- Pounds 9.8m -RRB- in Peugeot Japon , which imports Peugeot cars into Japan .	1
What does the Peugeot company manufacture ?	signs of friction have emerged recently between Peugeot and Suzuki Motors , which sells Peugeot cars in its dealerships .	1
What does the Peugeot company manufacture ?	Peugeot and Rover last month ended an agreement under which Rover distributed Peugeot cars through its dealers in Japan .	1
What does the Peugeot company manufacture ?	Peugeot is hoping to capitalise on Inchcape 's experience in car distribution , as well as its extensive marketing experience in Japan in other product areas .	1
What does the Peugeot company manufacture ?	the move to bolster Peugeot sales comes when sales of Volkswagen - Audi cars , which together have 22.5 per cent of the import market , have been severely disrupted .	1
What does the Peugeot company manufacture ?	France 's three car makers , Peugeot , Citroen and state-owned Renault , have made big strides in productivity as they prepare to face the Japanese challenge in a liberalised European Community market .	1
What does the Peugeot company manufacture ?	Peugeot has abandoned the old style of quality control , whereby faults are identified and corrected in an enormous car park at the end of the production line .	1
What does the Peugeot company manufacture ?	automobiles Peugeot sold 2.4 per cent fewer new cars in Europe in 1992 as a disappointing showing in its domestic market overwhelmed a slight rise in other sales , Reuter reports from Paris .	1
What does the Peugeot company manufacture ?	the French company , the largest of two vehicle-making units within PSA Peugeot Citroen , said it sold 994,800 cars in 17 European countries in 1992 , down from 1,018 , 800 in 1991 .	1
What does the Peugeot company manufacture ?	Peugeot of France will establish a joint venture with Indian car maker Premier Automobiles to produce 60,000 cars a year , introducing the Peugeot 309 and 205 models to India .	1
What does the Peugeot company manufacture ?	at Poissy , to the west of Paris , where the Peugeot 306 is manufactured , there will be 1,476 job losses .	1
What does the Peugeot company manufacture ?	Peugeot-Citroen , the private sector car manufacturer , is expected by industry observers to announce more than 4,000 job cuts next week in response to the depressed European car market .	1
What does the Peugeot company manufacture ?	these include the manufacture of parts for the Renault Trafic , a small van , and for a Peugeot utility vehicle .	1
What does the Peugeot company manufacture ?	until last March it had also produced parts for the Peugeot 205 .	1
What does the Peugeot company manufacture ?	one company , Yeu Tyan Machinery Manufacturing , assembles both Daihatsu and Peugeot vehicles .	1
What does the Peugeot company manufacture ?	Mr Longuet said Peugeot 's decision to stop manufacturing bodies for its 504 utility vehicle from the end of November left the fate of the company in Renault 's hands .	1
What does the Peugeot company manufacture ?	it manufactures body parts and components for cars , including Renault 's Trafic van .	1
What does the Peugeot company manufacture ?	Peugeot Talbot is to spend around Pounds 30m to start production of a saloon version of the Peugeot 306 hatchback early next year at its Ryton plant near Coventry .	1
What does the Peugeot company manufacture ?	the company said yesterday that the plant 's output was to be increased from 1,820 cars a week to 2,000 cars a week from January creating 'several hundred ' new jobs among Peugeot Talbot 's 70 component suppliers .	1
What does the Peugeot company manufacture ?	Peugeot Talbot , UK production and distribution subsidiary of the French vehicles group , expects the additional cars to lift Ryton 's total output from 73,000 this year to approaching 90,000 in 1995 and return the company to profitability .	1
What does the Peugeot company manufacture ?	The train ticket fares will be about 30-40 percent lower than the price offered by private buses or cars .	0
What does the Peugeot company manufacture ?	Now it makes about 40 types of starters for U.S. and European-made cars , using electrical equipment produced by Bosch , Chrysler , Delco , Lada , and Mitsubishi .	0
What does the Peugeot company manufacture ?	Imports from India include cars , knitwear , garments , leather wear , mica , jewelry , pharmaceuticals , and spices .	0
What does the Peugeot company manufacture ?	According to an investment project , several factories in northeastern Bulgaria will be making car parts , while the assembly will be carried out in Varna .	0
What does the Peugeot company manufacture ?	A Rover limousine , estate car , and van will be made in Bulgaria .	0
What does the Peugeot company manufacture ?	It will also proceed more slowly with a number of `` sensitive goods , '' such as automobiles , textile , and metals .	0
What does the Peugeot company manufacture ?	The export of mobile ground equipment -LRB- vehicles -RRB- was largely made up of supplies of spare parts for the armored equipment sold earlier and partly of the special vehicles on Tatra chassis .	0
What does the Peugeot company manufacture ?	Prague CTK in English 31 Jan 94 AU -RRB- SKODA HAS STOCKPILE OF NEARLY 12,000 CARS : The are some 11,800 Skoda cars in stock in the Czech Republic .	0
What does the Peugeot company manufacture ?	This is what Milan Smutny from the Mlada Boleslav Automobile Plant Public Relations Department told a CTK reporter .	0
What does the Peugeot company manufacture ?	The Skoda plant produced some 200,000 cars last year , since demand for Skoda cars rose sharply in 1993 .	0
What does the Peugeot company manufacture ?	-LRB- Prague HOSPODARSKE NOVINY in Czech 1 Feb 94 AU -RRB- SKODA PLZEN ELECTRIC CAR PROTOTYPE : A prototype of a two - passenger electric vehicle was on display at the Skoda Plzen factory in Ejpovice .	0
What does the Peugeot company manufacture ?	The car can travel a distance of 80 kilometers per recharge , which takes 8 hours and uses 8 Czech korunas-worth of electricity .	0
What does the Peugeot company manufacture ?	-LRB- Prague HOSPODARSKE NOVINY 10 Jan 94 p 6 AU -RRB- DROP IN SKODA CAR SALES IN UK : The Skoda automobile plant sold 9,153 automobiles in Great Britain last year , about 1,000 cars fewer than in 1992 .	0
What does the Peugeot company manufacture ?	Skoda cars sell in Great Britain for 5,500 British pounds .	0
What does the Peugeot company manufacture ?	According to the number of units sold , Skoda cars are roughly in the same category as the Spanish Seat or Russian Lada .	0
What does the Peugeot company manufacture ?	-LRB- Prague DENNI TELEGRAF 15 Jan 94 p 1 AU -RRB- PLZEN FACTORY TO PRODUCE NEW TRUCK : The state-owned enterprise Stavebni Stroje -LRB- Building Machines -RRB- Plzen will manufacture a new 3.5-ton vehicle .	0
What does the Peugeot company manufacture ?	The Testing Institute in Prague is testing the vehicle at present and is expected to issue manufacturing approval by the end of January .	0
What does the Peugeot company manufacture ?	-LRB- Prague MLADA FRONTA DNES 10 Jan 94 p 14 AU -RRB- SKODA MLADA BOLESLAV SALES RISE 20 PERCENT : The Skoda automobile plant sold 219,600 cars in the 1993 fiscal year .	0
What does the Peugeot company manufacture ?	The remaining shareholders include institutional investors , brokerage firms and the vehicle third party liability fund .	0
What does the Peugeot company manufacture ?	The export of over 10,000 cars starts in April through Suzuki 's Western European distributors .	0
What does the Peugeot company manufacture ?	The Romanian cars are going to be paid for in hard currency , the tires would be swapped for Vietnamese natural rubber and the drilling equipment for crude oil .	0
What does the Peugeot company manufacture ?	The plans include the construction of at least three distribution and sales centers with three warehouses and a car pool of at least 100 vehicles .	0
What does the Peugeot company manufacture ?	French Automobile Manufacturers Investing Outside of Europe	0
What does the Peugeot company manufacture ?	More that 1,000 405 's are to be assembled there this year , and 10,000 a year at full capacity , by an Egyptian - American joint venture that also assembles Jeeps .	0
What does the Peugeot company manufacture ?	Markets Neglected by Japanese : The French automobile industry has also chosen to break new ground in China and India .	0
What does the Peugeot company manufacture ?	Citroen is negotiating to assemble its C 15 commercial vehicles there .	0
What does the Peugeot company manufacture ?	Nevertheless , the French automobile makers manufacture only a small proportion of their vehicles outside of the Old Continent : Renault 15 percent , versus 30 percent for Nissan outside of Japan .	0
What does the Peugeot company manufacture ?	Mr Geoffrey Whalen , managing director , warned that profits would be 'clearly worse ' this year in the face of the continuing steep recession in the UK new car market .	0
What does the Peugeot company manufacture ?	However , he reaffirmed his belief that the result would be favourable compared with those of other leading car makers .	0
What does the Peugeot company manufacture ?	Next month Fiat , the Italian car maker , will start selling an electrically-powered version of the Cinquecento , its new Polish -built mini car .	0
What does the Peugeot company manufacture ?	From 1994-95 , he says , cities across Italy will start closing their centres to all but electric cars .	0
What does the Peugeot company manufacture ?	As the trend spreads , so Fiat sees its electric car sales inexorably rising .	0
What does the Peugeot company manufacture ?	Perhaps the ultimate current demonstration of what purpose-building an electric car can achieve is provided by the General Motors Impact .	0
What does the Peugeot company manufacture ?	They see electric cars 'as little car for the city only ' , says Massimello .	0
What does the Peugeot company manufacture ?	'It is very important to try to get cost closer to that of an ordinary car , ' says Massimello .	0
What does the Peugeot company manufacture ?	The current price disadvantage of all electric cars requires a big effort to achieve economies of scale in component production , Panizza stresses .	0
What does the Peugeot company manufacture ?	But that means Europe 's car makers agreeing to share core componentry .	0
What does the Peugeot company manufacture ?	LAST YEAR , the UK 's balance of trade deficit on motor vehicles shrank sharply from more than Pounds 6bn to about Pounds 1.5bn .	0
What does the Peugeot company manufacture ?	Much of the fall was due to a UK new car market collapse , preventing the usual high volume of imports from being sucked in .	0
What does the Peugeot company manufacture ?	To put that in context , total output at Ryton was 87,000 cars , so the precise export content was just under 69 per cent .	0
What does the Peugeot company manufacture ?	The previous year , before the UK market began collapsing , Ryton built 116,000 cars , of which more than 81,000 went for export .	0
What does the Peugeot company manufacture ?	In addition , many of the parts used to produce the Ryton -built cars are imported from the Continent .	0
What does the Peugeot company manufacture ?	From now on , vehicles will form only a part of his remit .	0
What does the Peugeot company manufacture ?	Inchcape is the world 's largest independent car distributor , although this will be the company 's first direct involvement in car importing and distribution in Japan .	0
What does the Peugeot company manufacture ?	The deal follows a plunge in sales of Peugeot cars in Japan .	0
What does the Peugeot company manufacture ?	Yanase Motors , Japan 's biggest dealer in imported cars , has decided to stop selling Volkswagen - Audi cars from next year .	0
What does the Peugeot company manufacture ?	For France 's bilateral import quota on Japanese cars , which has limited their penetration to around 3 per cent of the domestic market for years , is due to go by the end of this year .	0
What does the Peugeot company manufacture ?	By 1998 , Japanese imports to France could rise from last year 's 82,440 vehicles to around 317,000 , or 11.1 per cent of the market , according to the European Commission .	0
What does the Peugeot company manufacture ?	Fuji Heavy Industries was planning to export Legacy saloons and estate cars to France at the end of September and expects authorisation soon to import Subaru cars .	0
What does the Peugeot company manufacture ?	Subaru France hopes to sell 1,000 Fuji cars in the year to March 1993 from 25 new outlets .	0
What does the Peugeot company manufacture ?	Now the lines are divided into sections , each managed by an autonomous team , responsible for correcting its own faults as the vehicle moves through .	0
What does the Peugeot company manufacture ?	This is another way of cutting costs to the bone , but also reflects the fact that neither wants to get involved in the increasing electronic and specialised components found in modern cars .	0
What does the Peugeot company manufacture ?	Another part of the race to catch up with Japan is the time and investment needed to design and launch new cars .	0
What does the Peugeot company manufacture ?	The time taken to design and launch Renault 's latest small car , the Twingo , was in line with Japanese experience , says Mr Philippe Gras , deputy chief executive .	0
What does the Peugeot company manufacture ?	It started manufacturing plastic components for cars in 1954 in Coventry .	0
What does the Peugeot company manufacture ?	which accounts for 75 per cent of its turnover , but other customers include Jaguar Cars , Rover , Honda and Massey Ferguson .	0
What does the Peugeot company manufacture ?	The news came as another of Europe 's big employers , Automobiles Peugeot , confirmed that it would be cutting its workforce by about 7 per cent by the end of next year .	0
What does the Peugeot company manufacture ?	In France , Automobiles Peugeot , part of the Peugeot - Citroen car group , said its cost-cutting plan would involve the loss of 4,023 jobs .	0
What does the Peugeot company manufacture ?	The decision , which was prompted by the depressed state of the European car market , is the latest in a series of job cuts by French industry .	0
What does the Peugeot company manufacture ?	Industry analysts said they expected further job cuts at French car and component manufacturers over the next few months .	0
What does the Peugeot company manufacture ?	CHAUSSON , the French automobile company which is jointly owned by Peugeot and Renault , said yesterday that it was suspending payments .	0
What does the Peugeot company manufacture ?	During the 1990s the current boom in vehicle output is set to continue apace in the wake of rapidly-growing local demand and the development by a number of companies of important export markets .	0
What does the Peugeot company manufacture ?	From a total output across the region of 2.9m vehicles in 1992 -LRB- 1.9m	0
What does the Peugeot company manufacture ?	passenger cars and 1m commercial vehicles -RRB- production is expected to increase substantially into the early years of the next century and beyond .	0
What does the Peugeot company manufacture ?	Growth in South Korean vehicle manufacturing is also likely to be substantial over the next decade - especially if plans by one or more participants in that industry for the establishment of overseas plants come to fruition .	0
What does the Peugeot company manufacture ?	Of Taiwan 's current tally of 10 vehicle manufacturers in early 1993 , eight assemble Japanese makes and three American or European models .	0
What does the Peugeot company manufacture ?	In Thailand , several makes of European vehicles are assembled in modest quantities by local companies , although General Motors is thought to be considering the re-commencement of assembly operations in conjunction with the Bangchan General Assembly Company .	0
What does the Peugeot company manufacture ?	The excellent potential of the Thai motor vehicle market could lead several other western carmakers to re-evaluate opportunities .	0
What does the Peugeot company manufacture ?	As in Thailand , the Malaysian motor vehicle assembly sector is almost totally dominated by Japanese models , although seven European makes of passenger car , and one American , were assembled in 1992 in very low quantities .	0
What does the Peugeot company manufacture ?	The position in Indonesia is little different from that in Thailand and Malaysia , although General Motors has been negotiating with two local companies for the establishment of further vehicle assembly agreements .	0
What does the Peugeot company manufacture ?	FRENCH car manufacturers can not remember when times were so hard .	0
What does the Peugeot company manufacture ?	Registrations of Peugeot -Citroen cars in France fell by almost 19 per cent - to 300,500 vehicles - in the first seven months of 1993 .	0
What does the Peugeot company manufacture ?	Renault did better , but still suffered a fall of 12.7 per cent - to 314,000 vehicles , according to figures from the Committee of French Automobile Constructors .	0
What does the Peugeot company manufacture ?	Peugeot-Citroen , which saw profits fall from FFr5 .53 bn to FFr3.37bn in 1992 , is expected by most car industry analysts to fall into loss this year .	0
What does the Peugeot company manufacture ?	'Renault has continued to strengthen its image at the expense of Peugeot , ' says one car industry executive in Paris , citing the Safrane , the high-end model which has enjoyed a successful introduction .	0
What does the Peugeot company manufacture ?	For both car manufacturers there is also the potential benefit of a weaker franc .	0
What does the Peugeot company manufacture ?	It has also announced that it is stopping production of its 405 model in its UK factory .	0
What does the Peugeot company manufacture ?	Car industry analysts in Paris say that , for Renault , the downturn in the market increases pressure to finalise its merger with Volvo , the Swedish car manufacturer , so as to achieve production economies .	0
What does the Peugeot company manufacture ?	A final deal , which is thought to be imminent , will give the merged company 12 per cent of the European car market and more than 20 per cent of the European truck market .	0
What does the Peugeot company manufacture ?	If the French government has sought to galvanise the two companies into a speedier marriage , it has also sought to protect the French car market from what it regards as unwelcome suitors .	0
What does the Peugeot company manufacture ?	Both Mr Longuet and Mr Alain Lamassoure , the minister for European affairs , have appealed to the European Commission to re-open negotiations with Japanese car manufacturers concerning the level of their exports to the European market .	0
What does the Peugeot company manufacture ?	The Japanese Ministry of Trade and Industry had previously agreed to a reduction of about 9.4 per cent in exports to the EC , based on a fall in European car sales of 6.5 per cent .	0
What does the Peugeot company manufacture ?	But the mood of the French car makers is unlikely to have been improved by then .	0
What does the Peugeot company manufacture ?	PEUGEOT-Citroen , the French car manufacturer , announced a 11.4 per cent fall in sales in the first half of the year , reflecting the depressed state of the European car market .	0
What does the Peugeot company manufacture ?	Peugeot-Citroen said the results reflected a continued decline in the European car market , which saw sales of new vehicles fall by 17.4 per cent in the first half of the year .	0
What does the Peugeot company manufacture ?	Motor industry analysts said they saw little prospect of rapid recovery in the European car market , particularly in France and Germany , and forecast that French car sales would fall by about 15 per cent this year .	0
What does the Peugeot company manufacture ?	As a result , it maintained its share of the European car market at 11.9 per cent in the first half .	0
What does the Peugeot company manufacture ?	PART of British Coal 's defunct Coventry Colliery at Keresley , West Midlands , could become an import and export centre for Peugeot and Citroen cars .	0
What does the Peugeot company manufacture ?	The proposals include use of the colliery 's existing railhead as a transport and distribution centre for Peugeot , the French car group , which also includes Citroen .	0
What does the Peugeot company manufacture ?	Ashford Developments has prepared the proposals for the car distribution centre on behalf of Gesco , a wholly owned transport and distribution subsidiary of the Peugeot group .	0
What does the Peugeot company manufacture ?	The Keresley site is potentially attractive to Peugeot because it offers the opportunity to move cars directly by rail to the group 's distribution terminal at Calais after the Channel tunnel opens next year .	0
What does the Peugeot company manufacture ?	It would also facilitate distribution of Peugeot and Citroen cars in the Midlands .	0
What does the Peugeot company manufacture ?	Currently the cars are distributed through an import-export centre at Sheerness , Kent .	0
What does the Peugeot company manufacture ?	The French car manufacturer will announce results for 1993 on Thursday .	0
What does the Peugeot company manufacture ?	-LRB- Dollars 250m -RRB- for the group , reflecting the sharp contraction in the European automobile market last year .	0
What does the Peugeot company manufacture ?	By keeping the workforce intact , Ryton retains its capacity to make 120,000 cars a year .	0
What does the Peugeot company manufacture ?	Even with the saloon 306 , Ryton is unlikely to be utilising its full capacity unless export demand for both 306 models expands considerably .	0
What does the Peugeot company manufacture ?	Mr Whalen said there were no plans to reintroduce the larger 405 saloon - or its successor to be launched in France next year - to Ryton 's assembly lines alongside the 306 models .	0
What does the Peugeot company manufacture ?	The 405 , a big success in the UK fleet market , accounted for most of Ryton 's production until the Continental market slump led Peugeot to confine 405 output to France at the end of 1992 .	0
What does the Peugeot company manufacture ?	III , No. 09 , 09 March 1994 Notice To Readers : FOREIGN MEDIA SURVEY is a subtitled series published by FBIS Europe/Latin America Group .	0
What does the Peugeot company manufacture ?	Under these two main headings , summaries of foreign media reports on all categories of economic issues generally are grouped under subheadings by subject , country , or region .	0
What does the Peugeot company manufacture ?	ALBANIA NEW TELEPHONE EXCHANGE IN LAC : A new telephone exchange with 5OO numbers was inaugurated in Lac on 1 February .	0
What does the Peugeot company manufacture ?	This new exchange tripled the capacity of the existing one .	0
What does the Peugeot company manufacture ?	Future plans for 1994 anticipate over 1,000 telephone numbers to be added to the existing ones in town .	0
What does the Peugeot company manufacture ?	It will contribute to strengthen the democratic state and democracy in general as a worthy partner in the state- trade-union -employer triangle .	0
What does the Peugeot company manufacture ?	During the talks , both sides agreed in principle to sign an agreement on roads , goods , and passengers and another one on maritime as soon as possible .	0
What does the Peugeot company manufacture ?	10 million ECU more than in 1993 , will be used in three directions : 35 million ECU for salaries , 20 millions for PHARE program , and 20 millions in the context of a regional program .	0
What does the Peugeot company manufacture ?	Gjon Markagjoni , Caritas director for northern Albania , said that `` this is a good beginning , '' adding that in the future , the project will also cover the communes of Lac and Vau i Dejes .	0
What does the Peugeot company manufacture ?	The additional activity will increase the number of workers by several hundreds .	0
What does the Peugeot company manufacture ?	Another Caritas representative said that future plans on the project will also cover agriculture , particularly vineyards .	0
What does the Peugeot company manufacture ?	Godo states that the price of monthly public transportation cards will also be increased .	0
What does the Peugeot company manufacture ?	The ticket for an urban bus service will be five leks instead of three , thus denoting a 40-percent increase .	0
What does the Peugeot company manufacture ?	While the price of a monthly card will be 24-30 percent higher .	0
What does the Peugeot company manufacture ?	A total of 9,000 agricultural appliances are presently functioning in the Albanian agriculture that counts 400,000 peasant families , each possessing a little more than one hectare of land .	0
What does the Peugeot company manufacture ?	-LRB- Tirana ATA in English 1306 GMT 29 Jan 94 AU -RRB- CONSTRUCTION OF TIRANA-DURRES HIGHWAY TO BEGIN : The Ministry of Transport has signed a contract for the construction of the first 5 km of the Tirana-Durres highway .	0
What does the Peugeot company manufacture ?	Economic aid for one family member has been given to 1,479 families , for two family members to 1,216 families , three members to 1,879 families , four members to 2,086 families and so on .	0
What does the Peugeot company manufacture ?	Tapir Numani , head of this office , said that 25 persons are being qualified at a private firm specializing in the production of bread and biscuits .	0
What does the Peugeot company manufacture ?	Every worker will receive 5,100 leks for three months with the condition that the firm 's owner will employ 70 percent of the workers trained there .	0
What does the Peugeot company manufacture ?	At present , some 16,200 persons are receiving social assistance in Berat .	0
What does the Peugeot company manufacture ?	-LRB- Tirana ATA in English 1123 GMT 31 Jan 94 AU -RRB- STATE EMPLOYEES TO GET 'SIGNIFICANT ' WAGE INCREASE : Starting with 1 February , employees of budgetary institutions will have a salary increase of 33 percent .	0
What does the Peugeot company manufacture ?	The 1993 minimal wages , including the auxiliary sectors of state administration , will have a l00 -percent increase , thus a monthly salary of 2,400 leks .	0
What does the Peugeot company manufacture ?	However , the minimum wage will be 1O times lower than the highest wage in the budgetary sector .	0
What does the Peugeot company manufacture ?	This decision does not cover monthly payments up to 4,000 leks and pensions .	0
What does the Peugeot company manufacture ?	-LRB- Tirana ATA in English 1108 GMT 1 Feb 94 AU -RRB- RESTITUTION PROBLEMS IN FIER : The Commission for Restitution and Compensation of Properties in Fier have made only 60 decisions concerning houses , shops , and sites .	0
What does the Peugeot company manufacture ?	So far , the commission has received 220 requests for the restitution and compensation of properties .	0
What does the Peugeot company manufacture ?	In some cases , two or three persons have claimed the same site .	0
What does the Peugeot company manufacture ?	-LRB- Tirana ATA in English 1127 GMT 1 Feb 94 AU -RRB- PRIVATE FARMERS ASSOCIATIONS : By the end of December 1993 , the number of private farmers associations reached 90 .	0
What does the Peugeot company manufacture ?	They are concentrated in central Albania in the region of Elbasan , where there are 21 of them , and in Lushnje , where 10 associations are now operating .	0
What does the Peugeot company manufacture ?	The Farmers Association of Kercukaj in Kavaje , central Albania , has 300 families as members , whereas the Farmers Association in Lac has 246 member- families .	0
What does the Peugeot company manufacture ?	The largest of such associations is in Seman , in the Fier region , with about 700 head of livestock .	0
What does the Peugeot company manufacture ?	Its activity is concentrated in three main directions , health service , agriculture , and industry .	0
What does the Peugeot company manufacture ?	The company has made some investments so far .	0
What does the Peugeot company manufacture ?	Mr. Abbas Khonsari , head of the association , stated that they have brought to Albania 25 tractors , three harvesters , and different spare parts at reasonable prices .	0
What does the Peugeot company manufacture ?	We are on the verge of signing a contract for the construction of 1,600 - 2,000 flats .	0
What does the Peugeot company manufacture ?	If work goes well , then the number of flats will increase to 6,000 - 7,000 , '' Yona said .	0
What does the Peugeot company manufacture ?	It was a great investment of 9.5 million leks , which was accomplished in a relatively short period of time by a private construction firm .	0
What does the Peugeot company manufacture ?	Only 15 out of 26 pumping stations in the Kavaje District functioned during 1993 .	0
What does the Peugeot company manufacture ?	The 25 water reservoirs have also been repaired and are now functioning at full capacity .	0
What does the Peugeot company manufacture ?	$ 20 for about 2,000 orphan children .	0
What does the Peugeot company manufacture ?	This independent association was formed on 1 September 1991 and is the first organization of Albanian consumers recognized by international organizations .	0
What does the Peugeot company manufacture ?	In February , the two sides will sign a detailed financial agreement in Athens .	0
What does the Peugeot company manufacture ?	Twelve investments cover productive enterprises .	0
What does the Peugeot company manufacture ?	A pilot program for seven prisons selected by the Albanian Government will finance organized activities for the prisoners .	0
What does the Peugeot company manufacture ?	The EU has already financed 24 projects of that kind , such as supplying medicines and clothes , reconstructing a center for Albanian handicapped children , and furnishing farmers with seeds and chemical products .	0
What does the Peugeot company manufacture ?	The funds are kept in accounts at the central bank but there are nine commercial banks servicing them .	0
What does the Peugeot company manufacture ?	One of the nonperforming loans is that made to the failed Yambol Bank .	0
What does the Peugeot company manufacture ?	In terms of profitability , with its predicted dividends the company is way ahead of any other proposals for investment .	0
What does the Peugeot company manufacture ?	The setting up of the company with Canadian holding last June raised a stir .	0
What does the Peugeot company manufacture ?	It was said to be the first Bulgarian company to enter the international markets both with its output and with its shares .	0
What does the Peugeot company manufacture ?	Some would even say all this fuss was nothing but a publicity stunt related to the sign-in that has been launched to increase the company 's capital to 100 million leva .	0
What does the Peugeot company manufacture ?	The work includes constructing 500 apartment blocks , a school , two kindergartens , and a medical clinic , together with all the necessary services and infrastructure .	0
What does the Peugeot company manufacture ?	It is expected that 4,000 - 5,000 Bulgarian workers will be employed at the site during the summer months .	0
What does the Peugeot company manufacture ?	The truck 's 90 HP turbo-engine has improved technical and performance characteristics .	0
What does the Peugeot company manufacture ?	The company is expected to assemble 120 buses this year and intends to increase its annual production to 340 buses .	0
What does the Peugeot company manufacture ?	The deal was concluded on a production sharing basis , in partnership with the automotive plant in Gotha , Germany , and the project is financed by a German privatization agency and a Swiss stockholding company .	0
What does the Peugeot company manufacture ?	The new TV sets have 37 , 51 , and SO cm flat rectangular screens , 90 channels , cable television tuners , teletext decoders for the Roman and Cyrillic alphabets , and remote controls .	0
What does the Peugeot company manufacture ?	This year the company plans to start producing new Daewoo TV sets .	0
What does the Peugeot company manufacture ?	According to Videomax President Kiril Modrev , most of the company 's production is exported to Russia .	0
What does the Peugeot company manufacture ?	-LRB- Sofia BTA in English 1644 GMT 6 Feb 94 AU -RRB- ELECTRICAL FIRM DIVERSIFIES PRODUCTION : The Ekita Private Company in Petrich , southwestern Bulgaria , has a small plant making electric motor commutators .	0
What does the Peugeot company manufacture ?	The annual production capacity of the Petrich - based company is about two million units pieces -LRB- as received -RRB- of various sizes .	0
What does the Peugeot company manufacture ?	Five Western and several Bulgarian companies took part in the tender competition .	0
What does the Peugeot company manufacture ?	The paper voiced doubts that the Swiss company 's offer really was the best one .	0
What does the Peugeot company manufacture ?	The National Electricity Company received 728 million leva and the Sofia Municipality was granted a 15O million leva loan for the construction of the new metro system , which it has already paid back .	0
What does the Peugeot company manufacture ?	The comparatively long list of enterprises and organizations financed by the fund does not include a single private company , STANDART NEWS observes .	0
What does the Peugeot company manufacture ?	-LRB- Sofia BTA in English 1143 GMT 9 Feb 94 AU -RRB- DANUBE RIVER PORT IDLE : Never in its 155 - year-long history has the Danube river port of Lom faced such a crisis .	0
What does the Peugeot company manufacture ?	The quays are empty , and the 600 employees , who are completely idle , fear heavy layoffs .	0
What does the Peugeot company manufacture ?	According to port manager Kuzman Khristov , the management has no other choice , because the port lost almost 5 million leva last year .	0
What does the Peugeot company manufacture ?	The duty on lead-free gasoline with an octane rating below 93 is 60 percent ; lead-free gasolines above 93 octane will carry a l00 - percent duty .	0
What does the Peugeot company manufacture ?	Ordinary leaded gasoline of grades A-93 and below will attract a duty of 70 percent , while gasoline above this octane number will carry a duty of 110 percent .	0
What does the Peugeot company manufacture ?	Diesel fuel carries a duty of 30 percent .	0
What does the Peugeot company manufacture ?	Erotic and pornographic products will carry an excise duty of 70 percent ; perfumes will carry a duty of 40 percent ; and articles made of precious metals , including jewelry , will carry a duty of 20 percent .	0
What does the Peugeot company manufacture ?	Audiovisual equipment carries an excise duty of 10 percent ; wine carries a duty of 2 leva per liter ; and plum brandy , 30 stotinki per alcoholic percent .	0
What does the Peugeot company manufacture ?	The Indian delegation will include about 10 senior Indian Government officials and a group of Indian businessmen .	0
What does the Peugeot company manufacture ?	According to inconclusive estimates by corporate managers , tangible and nontangible investment in 1993 amounted to some 10,500 million leva , 500 million up from early-year forecasts .	0
What does the Peugeot company manufacture ?	-LRB- Sofia BTA in English 1446 GMT 30 Jan 94 AU -RRB- BULGARIAN-FRENCH FIRM TO BUILD MOTELS : The Bulgarian - French joint-stock company Bulphoenix will build motels in this country , Chamber of Tourism Chief Tsvetan Tonchev said .	0
What does the Peugeot company manufacture ?	The 1994-95 construction plan includes 12 sites .	0
What does the Peugeot company manufacture ?	The Bulgarian - French company will be registered by March this year .	0
What does the Peugeot company manufacture ?	The French side , including Phoenix and another three companies , hold 48 percent of the shares , and the Bulgarian side -LRB- Touristsportholding and three other companies -RRB- 52 percent .	0
What does the Peugeot company manufacture ?	The new product was developed and tested by the private company of the same name in Shumen and specialists of the Dutch firm of Phillips .	0
What does the Peugeot company manufacture ?	The securities sold at an average of 77.82 leva for a par of 100 leva .	0
What does the Peugeot company manufacture ?	The 22.18 leva margin gives a redemption yield of 28.5 percent .	0
What does the Peugeot company manufacture ?	The Burgas Port delegation insisted on two vessels a week : one sailing from Varna and the other from Burgas .	0
What does the Peugeot company manufacture ?	However , the capacity of Novorossiysk Port allows handling of only one voyage a week , and the parties agreed on this .	0
What does the Peugeot company manufacture ?	By last October , the jobless totalled 750,000 .	0
What does the Peugeot company manufacture ?	According to the private companies , Nef tokhim preferred cargo deliveries from Western partners under the pretext that they were more accurate .	0
What does the Peugeot company manufacture ?	Two other joint Bulgarian - Russian enterprises in Blagoevo and Mezhdurechensk will also shut down in mid-June , as it has become impossible to continue their self-financing and self- maintenance under the current Bulgarian - Russian agreement .	0
What does the Peugeot company manufacture ?	The 4,600 people currently employed at the four enterprises will have to seek other jobs as of September 1994 .	0
What does the Peugeot company manufacture ?	Until now , the majority of top state officials have derived additional income -- up to one and a half times their regular salaries -- from serving on different boards of state companies .	0
What does the Peugeot company manufacture ?	-LRB- Sofia BTA in English 1106 GMT 17 Jan 94 AU -RRB- UNEMPLOYMENT RISE SLOWS IN DECEMBER : According to the National Employment Service , the number of registered unemployed rose at a lower rate in December 1993 .	0
What does the Peugeot company manufacture ?	The total number of jobless rose by 0.24 percent in December , reaching 626,141 , or 16.38 percent of the working population .	0
What does the Peugeot company manufacture ?	In December 42,017 persons registered for unemployment benefit , 8,666 fewer than in the previous month .	0
What does the Peugeot company manufacture ?	During the month 23,824 workers were made redundant in industry and 3,560 employees in the nonproduction sector .	0
What does the Peugeot company manufacture ?	Registered job vacancies fell to 6,059 , compared to 7,294 in November .	0
What does the Peugeot company manufacture ?	The forum agreed the terms for restarting the credit line for insuring Japanese exports to Bulgaria and for extending a two -tranche loan to stimulate small and medium-sized private enterprises .	0
What does the Peugeot company manufacture ?	One possible way to solve the numerous problems of the joint ventures is to treat their formation as privatization .	0
What does the Peugeot company manufacture ?	Four new terminals will be built that will double the capacity of the harbor .	0
What does the Peugeot company manufacture ?	Pizza Hut International , a Pepsico affiliate , and Exel Associates , a Bulgarian investment group , have agreed to open 15 restaurants in Bulgaria .	0
What does the Peugeot company manufacture ?	He predicts a zero decline in production this year , against 28 percent in 1992 and 8 percent in 1993 .	0
What does the Peugeot company manufacture ?	-LRB- Sofia BTA in English 1225 GMT 25 Jan 94 AU -RRB- LEV RISES ON FOREIGN EXCHANGE MARKET : The Bulgarian lev has been rising on the interbank market , to 36.889 - 39.960	0
What does the Peugeot company manufacture ?	leva to the dollar on 24 January , up from between 37-39 leva during the previous week .	0
What does the Peugeot company manufacture ?	On 20 January the central lev exchange rate hit a record low of 36.937	0
What does the Peugeot company manufacture ?	The lev rate is expected to keep rising over the next few days , by as much as one lev , according to some traders .	0
What does the Peugeot company manufacture ?	-LRB- Sofia BTA in English 1853 GMT 25 Jan 94 AU -RRB- NEW PRIVATE AIRLINE : The new Air Zori private airline will airlift cargoes and organize business and tourist flights throughout the world .	0
What does the Peugeot company manufacture ?	Air Zori has rented three Il-18 planes from Russian and German private companies that will use the airport in Gorna Oryakhovitsa , central Bulgaria .	0
What does the Peugeot company manufacture ?	Last week this airport was authorized to handle international cargo and passenger flights by Bulgarian airlines .	0
What does the Peugeot company manufacture ?	This information was provided by Prime Minister Vaclav Klaus after a government meeting yesterday , 1 February .	0
What does the Peugeot company manufacture ?	The total number of branches of this bank rose to five .	0
What does the Peugeot company manufacture ?	-LRB- Prague HOSPODARSKE NOVINY in Czech 2 Feb 94 p 2 AU -RRB- WATER PRICES UP IN PRAGUE : As of 1 February , new prices for water apply in Prague .	0
What does the Peugeot company manufacture ?	The price has been fixed at 8.40 Czech Korunas -LRB- Kc -RRB- per cubic meter .	0
What does the Peugeot company manufacture ?	The plant will start operating in the second half of 1995 and employ more than 200 people .	0
What does the Peugeot company manufacture ?	This company manufactures cosmetics products .	0
What does the Peugeot company manufacture ?	The bank was established in April 1992 ; its founding capital was 550 million Czech crowns -LRB- Kc -RRB- .	0
What does the Peugeot company manufacture ?	Strojplast processes 8,000 tons of plastics and employs 640 people .	0
What does the Peugeot company manufacture ?	Last year , the company 's turnover was Kc496 million and it made a net profit of Kc28 million .	0
What does the Peugeot company manufacture ?	The company , which exported some 90 percent of its production to the Soviet Union , began exporting to Southeast Asia and South America .	0
What does the Peugeot company manufacture ?	Jiri Hanak , chairman of the board of directors , stresses that the company does not need foreign capital .	0
What does the Peugeot company manufacture ?	Palaba Slany is the legal successor of the Bateria Slany company -LRB- the change of name was approved last year -RRB- .	0
What does the Peugeot company manufacture ?	In 1993 , the company made a profit of over Kc10 million , but all profits will be reinvested .	0
What does the Peugeot company manufacture ?	The company is based in Zlin .	0
What does the Peugeot company manufacture ?	According to the report , the company is not one of the Czech blue chips , but it certainly deserves attention .	0
What does the Peugeot company manufacture ?	At the price of Kc1,215 attained on the Prague stock exchange on 27 January , the price-to-earning ratio of this company is 12.7 .	0
What does the Peugeot company manufacture ?	This makes this stock cheap , since the average price-to- earning ratio on the Czech market is about 20 .	0
What does the Peugeot company manufacture ?	There are another 40 future entrepreneurs in Switzerland at the moment , and it is expected that by the end of 1995 a further 100 people will take part in the program .	0
What does the Peugeot company manufacture ?	These two are the most important groups , having the greatest impact on the overall price level .	0
What does the Peugeot company manufacture ?	-LRB- Prague CTK in English 17 Jan 94 AU -RRB- PRIVATIZATION MINISTRY TO EXIST UNTIL 1996 : According to ministry of privatization spokesman , the ministry will wind up before parliamentary election in 1996 .	0
What does the Peugeot company manufacture ?	It is CSA , not Air France , that wants to break the 1992 agreement and have the French company sell its 19.1 -percent share in the company , the representative emphasized .	0
What does the Peugeot company manufacture ?	The French company expected both airlines to benefit from cooperation .	0
What does the Peugeot company manufacture ?	`` The probable divorce of CSA and Air France will certainly not help the French company , which is now experiencing financial difficulties .	0
What does the Peugeot company manufacture ?	A total of 877,000 companies and private businessmen held at least one business license at the end of 1993 , Dyba said .	0
What does the Peugeot company manufacture ?	A total of 1.26 million licenses have been registered .	0
What does the Peugeot company manufacture ?	More than half of the amount , Kc7.5 billion , came in the form of tax breaks granted by the Finance Ministry , Dyba said .	0
What does the Peugeot company manufacture ?	The Ministry of Agriculture provided Kc2.8 billion , the Ministry of Economy Kc1.2 billion , and the Ministry of Labor and Social Affairs Kc178 million .	0
What does the Peugeot company manufacture ?	Ten programs have been approved for 1994 , Dyba said .	0
What does the Peugeot company manufacture ?	This year 's interruption in supply was unusually long , however , and caused production in the Litvinov plant to fall by a third .	0
What does the Peugeot company manufacture ?	-LRB- Prague CTK in English 24 Jan 94 AU -RRB- GASOLINE PRICE CEILING ELIMINATED : The Finance Ministry has decided to abolish the cap on gasoline prices as of 1 February .	0
What does the Peugeot company manufacture ?	A strategic decision of whether to rely on one supplier for such a source of power would also have to be taken .	0
What does the Peugeot company manufacture ?	Fleischhans said that a large gas-fired plant would likely be more efficient and would thus release about one-third less steam , which is believed to cause global warming .	0
What does the Peugeot company manufacture ?	On the other hand , emissions of carbon dioxide would be greater .	0
What does the Peugeot company manufacture ?	-LRB- Prague CTK in English 25 Jan 94 AU -RRB- CZECH INVESTMENTS ABROAD GROWING : Direct Czech investments abroad reached $ 45.2 million in 1993 .	0
What does the Peugeot company manufacture ?	The company will keep its logo but will add the Groupe Schneider sign to it .	0
What does the Peugeot company manufacture ?	The company has supplied work worth Kc1.2 billion , and there is still work outstanding for Kc1.05 billion .	0
What does the Peugeot company manufacture ?	According to the director general of the company , the material supplies to the Mochovce power plant alone represent Kc400 million .	0
What does the Peugeot company manufacture ?	Moreover , the company has to put up with the consequences of not having met its obligation toward its own suppliers .	0
What does the Peugeot company manufacture ?	Six percent of the forest lands is to go to churches -- something that has not yet been carried out , Oliva said .	0
What does the Peugeot company manufacture ?	In line with legal standards , the ministry removed three licenses already granted and turned down 15 license applications .	0
What does the Peugeot company manufacture ?	A total of 35 companies were involved in trade in military equipment , Gregr said .	0
What does the Peugeot company manufacture ?	The total value of exports was $ 167 million , 17 million more than the figure for Czechoslovakia in 1992 , Gregr reported .	0
What does the Peugeot company manufacture ?	-LRB- Prague CTK in English 28 Jan 94 AU -RRB- CZECH KORUNA TO BE FULLY CONVERTIBLE BY 1997 : The Czech koruna will be fully convertible in 1997 , at the latest .	0
What does the Peugeot company manufacture ?	It will be necessary to take gradual steps toward this goal , Finance Minister Ivan Kocarnik told a rally of the ruling Civic Democratic Party today .	0
What does the Peugeot company manufacture ?	Peter Zitek , chairman of the Barum-Continental Executive Committee said on 28 January that the bank had promised to supply a loan amounting to 70 million German marks to the company .	0
What does the Peugeot company manufacture ?	The Ministry of Environment Spokesman , Jiri Hampejz , says that about 10 or 20 enterprises are prepared to launch a lawsuit against the ministry .	0
What does the Peugeot company manufacture ?	The ministry believes , however , that about 50 of the companies facing bankruptcy are themselves to blame for the situation since they started processing waste material without having proper technology available for sorting the waste .	0
What does the Peugeot company manufacture ?	Since 1989 , when the company employed 1,622 people , the number of employees has been gradually reduced to the current 600 .	0
What does the Peugeot company manufacture ?	Most of the company 's output was exported to Peru .	0
What does the Peugeot company manufacture ?	-LRB- Prague HOSPODARSKE NOVINY in Czech 27 Dec 93 p 1 AU -RRB- KOLORA SEMILY TEXTILE FIRM SPLIT : On the basis of its privatization plan , the Kolora Semily company has been divided into three parts .	0
What does the Peugeot company manufacture ?	Two shareholders ' companies , Kolora and Hybler , have been established .	0
What does the Peugeot company manufacture ?	There were 80,000 companies with foreign participation in the Czech Republic in the first half of 1993 .	0
What does the Peugeot company manufacture ?	The number of employees declined to 1,416 , 000 , that is , 93.8 percent of the 1992 level .	0
What does the Peugeot company manufacture ?	The company employs some 2,100 people in six plants and produces over 200 dairy products .	0
What does the Peugeot company manufacture ?	The total number of traded items will reach 989 .	0
What does the Peugeot company manufacture ?	-LRB- Prague MLADA FRONTA DNES 3 Jan 94 p 14 AU -RRB- CEDOK TRAVEL AGENCY INCURS LOSS : The Cedok travel agency incurred a large loss last year , Petr Urban , director of the company , stated yesterday .	0
What does the Peugeot company manufacture ?	He added that the sale of the Moravan company in Otrokovice , Let in Kunovice , and Motorlet Prague is also being readied .	0
What does the Peugeot company manufacture ?	A total of 80 people will be employed on the production line .	0
What does the Peugeot company manufacture ?	The company will gain access to all the markets that have been dominated by Y.S .	0
What does the Peugeot company manufacture ?	Vratislav Vajnar , previously director of Doly Nastup Tusimice has been elected the new company 's president .	0
What does the Peugeot company manufacture ?	-LRB- Prague LIDOVE NOVINY 11 Jan 94 p 13 AU -RRB- STATE GUARANTEES PAYMENT FOR BOEING PLANES : The state budget is guaranteeing the repayment of $ 8.5 million for five Boeing airplanes .	0
What does the Peugeot company manufacture ?	Four of the six vice-presidents have already been dismissed and new ones appointed .	0
What does the Peugeot company manufacture ?	The company intends to produce 300 trucks this year and 1,000 next year .	0
What does the Peugeot company manufacture ?	According to the agreement with Digital , Libra has become one of that company 's three main distributors , and its task is to establish a network of authorized dealers of Digital computers .	0
What does the Peugeot company manufacture ?	In 1993 , 71.2 million foreign visitors arrived in the Czech Republic , approximately 5 percent more than in 1992 .	0
What does the Peugeot company manufacture ?	-LRB- Prague RUDE PRAVO 18 Jan 94 p 3 AU -RRB- PALIVOVY KOMBINAT PRIVATIZED , NEW COMPANY ESTABLISHED : The largest producer of coal gas , the Palivovy Kombinat -LRB- Fuel Combine -RRB- in Vresova , has been privatized .	0
What does the Peugeot company manufacture ?	With capital of Kc6.6 billion , the National Property Fund has established a new company called Sokolovska Uhelna -LRB- Sokolovo Coal Company -RRB- .	0
What does the Peugeot company manufacture ?	The new company will extract coal in the Sokolovo region .	0
What does the Peugeot company manufacture ?	-LRB- Prague HOSPODARSKE NOVINY 20 Jan 94 p 1 AU -RRB- PEPSI-COLA TO INVEST $ 85 MILLION IN CZECH REPUBLIC : The Pepsi- Cola international company intends to invest $ 85 million in the next five years .	0
What does the Peugeot company manufacture ?	The overall average monthly salary was Kc5,771 , while in the banking sector the average was Kc15,562 , followed by the financial sector with Kc1O , 684 , and the insurance sector with Kc7,834 .	0
What does the Peugeot company manufacture ?	When the country reappeared on the international market in 1991 , it was ranked in the 300 -point category in the European points system , which serves as the basis for the risk surcharge .	0
What does the Peugeot company manufacture ?	Today , Hungary has to reckon with a risk surcharge that accords to only 160 to 170 points .	0
What does the Peugeot company manufacture ?	A 1992 government decree selected the eight banks where the state should retain long-term ownership .	0
What does the Peugeot company manufacture ?	McDonalds presently runs 12 restaurants in Hungary .	0
What does the Peugeot company manufacture ?	In 1993 , the company increased its prices by 13 percent .	0
What does the Peugeot company manufacture ?	This year McDonalds plans to open seven restaurants and increase the turnover of its network by 30 to 40 percent .	0
What does the Peugeot company manufacture ?	Despite the growing turnover , the company closed last year with a loss , though its deficit was smaller than a year before .	0
What does the Peugeot company manufacture ?	A Canadian - Hungarian businessman , Andrew Sarlos , has offered to carry out an equity raise of HUF2 billion and the MHB-Daewoo Bank would grant a loan of HUF500 million .	0
What does the Peugeot company manufacture ?	The company 's bank , the Commercial Bank -LRB- OKHB -RRB- , and the World Bank are prepared to lend the remainder .	0
What does the Peugeot company manufacture ?	The Centrum department store chain , which has registered capital of HUF5 billion , consists of 25 department stores and has total assets of HUF9 billion .	0
What does the Peugeot company manufacture ?	The company had turnover of HUF16.3 billion last year -LRB- HUF15.4 billion in 1992 -RRB- and achieved a pre-tax profit of HUF300 million -LRB- HUF450 million in 1992 -RRB- .	0
What does the Peugeot company manufacture ?	The company invested HUF260 million in remodelling 12 shops last year and plans to invest HUF180 million in development this year .	0
What does the Peugeot company manufacture ?	The estimated number of companies specializing in computers is 300 , while the number of Hungarian specialists is presumably several thousand .	0
What does the Peugeot company manufacture ?	At present computer industry and trade in Hungary can be divided into three main areas .	0
What does the Peugeot company manufacture ?	There are 2OO to 300 small firms selling cheap , mainly Taiwanese hardware .	0
What does the Peugeot company manufacture ?	There are about 10 Hungarian companies mostly involved in such services as building computer networks , maintaining computer service shops , and teaching computer sciences .	0
What does the Peugeot company manufacture ?	Hewlett-Packard is said to possess one-sixth of the Hungarian computer market and is prepared to face a continuous recession ending only in 1995 .	0
What does the Peugeot company manufacture ?	Established in Hungary three years ago with 72 employees , Hewlett- Packard made an income of HUF3 billion , or $ 30 million , in 1993 .	0
What does the Peugeot company manufacture ?	Owing to the free trade agreement which came into force on March 1 last year , half of trade among the four countries has been liberalized by now .	0
What does the Peugeot company manufacture ?	This is the first time the unemployment figure has risen since February last year , when it stood at 705,000 .	0
What does the Peugeot company manufacture ?	As a result , the unemployment rate is 0.5 percent higher -LRB- 12.8	0
What does the Peugeot company manufacture ?	47,300 people lost their jobs in January and 36,900 people were taken off the list of registered unemployed .	0
What does the Peugeot company manufacture ?	22,800 new jobs were available in January , 40 percent more than in January , and the total number of job vacancies grew by 3,200 to around 51,000 .	0
What does the Peugeot company manufacture ?	Today , Hungary has to reckon with a risk surcharge that accords to only 160 to 170 points , Bod said .	0
What does the Peugeot company manufacture ?	It was time to draw up contracts between the Finance Ministry and the Hungarian State Holding Company -LRB- AV RT -RRB- on the handling of these stakes .	0
What does the Peugeot company manufacture ?	The company has orders for only 250,000 tons of bauxite in the first three months of this year .	0
What does the Peugeot company manufacture ?	The company now employs 1,800 , compared with 3,000 in 1988 , when it mined 3 million tons of bauxite .	0
What does the Peugeot company manufacture ?	-LRB- Budapest MTI in English 0731 GMT 26 Jan 94 AU -RRB- U.S. INVESTORS BUY INTO DANUBIUS HOTELS : Three U.S. financial investors have bought into the hotel chain Danubius Hotels Rt .	0
What does the Peugeot company manufacture ?	The three together now hold 29.8 percent of Danubius Rt 's 8 billion forints registered capital .	0
What does the Peugeot company manufacture ?	while also acting for the three U.S. purchasers .	0
What does the Peugeot company manufacture ?	According to preliminary figures , the hotel company had 1993 gross profits of 882 million forints on net turnover of 5.098 billion forints which included 4.88 billion forints worth of FOREX turnover .	0
What does the Peugeot company manufacture ?	Last year , 1.3 million main stations operated in the country , 4O percent more than in 1989 .	0
What does the Peugeot company manufacture ?	The over 500,000 applicants waitlisted at the end of 1993 have all been promised a telephone by 1997 .	0
What does the Peugeot company manufacture ?	This compared to 30,000 in 1992 .	0
What does the Peugeot company manufacture ?	The southern motorway towards Serbia will be completed up to Kecskemet , central Hungary , with two lanes by 1996 .	0
What does the Peugeot company manufacture ?	These projects will be carried out on a concession basis .	0
What does the Peugeot company manufacture ?	Six towns will receive bypasses from state and local authority finances .	0
What does the Peugeot company manufacture ?	Utilizing the state road fund , 443 towns and villages built 103 kilometers of road and 177 kilometers of cycle track last year .	0
What does the Peugeot company manufacture ?	The length of water mains last year exceeded 55,300 kilometers , of which 4,000 were built over the past four years .	0
What does the Peugeot company manufacture ?	At present , 89 percent of towns and villages have conduit water supply , reaching 3.6 million households , or more than four-fifths of the total .	0
What does the Peugeot company manufacture ?	Of the 600 towns and villages -LRB- 18 percent -RRB- supplied with gas last year , 172 have been connected to the system since 1989 .	0
What does the Peugeot company manufacture ?	The 30 , 000-kilometer-long pipe network carries gas to 40 percent of the households , numbering 1.8 million .	0
What does the Peugeot company manufacture ?	With 632,000 jobless listed at the end of December , 3,000 fewer than in the previous month , the unemployment rate went down from 12.2 percent to 12.1 percent .	0
What does the Peugeot company manufacture ?	Overall output in the construction industry in the first nine months was the same as in the comparable period of 1992 but house construction in January- November was 16 percent down on the first eleven months of 1992 .	0
What does the Peugeot company manufacture ?	The workforce of companies with more than 20 employees was on average 9 percent lower in the first 11 months than in January-November 1992 .	0
What does the Peugeot company manufacture ?	The number of unemployed at the end of December was 632 , OOO , 73 , OOO fewer than its peak in February 1993 .	0
What does the Peugeot company manufacture ?	Fertilizers used on one hectare were under 40 kgs , compared to 180 - 200 kgs in previous years .	0
What does the Peugeot company manufacture ?	Domestic food supply is not in danger , he added , and a price of 100 forints for a kilogram of bread is out of the question .	0
What does the Peugeot company manufacture ?	Total expenditure exceeded revenue in 1993 , amounting to 79.1 billion forints , over two-thirds of which were obligations to the national economy .	0
What does the Peugeot company manufacture ?	The withdrawal of compensation vouchers cost 13.04 billion forints , while a further considerable sum was used to raise the state holding company 's registered capital by 6.5 billion forints .	0
What does the Peugeot company manufacture ?	Austria is involved in 96 companies , while Germany in 65 .	0
What does the Peugeot company manufacture ?	The share of foreign capital in privatized property has totalled 176 billion forints over the past three years , a third of which was invested in Hungary by Austria and Germany .	0
What does the Peugeot company manufacture ?	In 1993 , trading on the exchange exceeded 13 billion forints -LRB- $ 130 million -RRB- , two-and- one-half times the amount of the previous year .	0
What does the Peugeot company manufacture ?	Total trade in 1992 was close to 6 billion forints , with 1.5 million tons of grain changing hands there -- nearly a quarter of Hungary 's overall grain trade .	0
What does the Peugeot company manufacture ?	In 1993 , 12,556 Hungarian -made Suzukis , 35O imported Swifts , and 1,766 Marutis were sold in Hungary .	0
What does the Peugeot company manufacture ?	Currently , 34 Hungarian companies deliver spare parts for the Esztergom factory .	0
What does the Peugeot company manufacture ?	The proportion of domestic suppliers is expected to reach 50 percent by late March , which , together with 1O percent European suppliers , will give the 60 -percent ratio that exempts Hungarian Suzukis from European Union customs duty .	0
What does the Peugeot company manufacture ?	Last year , eight firms supplying Suzuki received financial support or interest preferences worth a total of 200 million forints .	0
What does the Peugeot company manufacture ?	After lay-offs in the initial period , the company has created 1,500 jobs .	0
What does the Peugeot company manufacture ?	-LRB- Alitalia has a third of MALEV 's shares . -RRB-	0
What does the Peugeot company manufacture ?	The 260 million forint investment will be completed in the second half of 1995 .	0
What does the Peugeot company manufacture ?	Including imports of 6 million tons of oil and 5.87 billion cubic meters of gas , hydrocarbons accounted for 67.8 percent of energy use .	0
What does the Peugeot company manufacture ?	Electricity consumption rose by 0.5 percent and consumption was close to 35,000 gigawatt-hours , including imports of 2,474 gigawatt-hours , which covered 7.1 percent of consumption , compared with 10 percent in 1992 .	0
What does the Peugeot company manufacture ?	According to a recent report of the Central Statistical Office , in late 1993 there were 85,638 business organizations with legal personality , 23.4 percent more than a year before , in the country .	0
What does the Peugeot company manufacture ?	Business organizations without legal personality numbered 98,036 , 13.6 percent more than in late December .	0
What does the Peugeot company manufacture ?	The number of private entrepreneurs increased by 13.6 percent , to 688,843 .	0
What does the Peugeot company manufacture ?	Seven funds were established under one law : funds for tourism , trade development , investment promotion , water management , environmental protection , market intervention , and regional development .	0
What does the Peugeot company manufacture ?	A further six agricultural funds were set up under one law and other funds are regulated by individual laws .	0
What does the Peugeot company manufacture ?	The other resources of the funds are sums carried over from last year , various capital income , and credit .	0
What does the Peugeot company manufacture ?	Polsat plans two share issues in the future .	0
What does the Peugeot company manufacture ?	After the last issue the share of the company founders is to be limited to 25 per cent .	0
What does the Peugeot company manufacture ?	-LRB- Warsaw PAP in English 1916 GMT 27 Jan 94 AU -RRB- NESTLE DONATES $ 500,000 TO POZNAN HEALTH SERVICE : The Swiss company Nestle on 27 January transferred $ 500,000 dollars to the Poznan provincial health service .	0
What does the Peugeot company manufacture ?	Nestle bought 47 percent of the shares in the Goplana joint-venture company in Poznan on 6 January .	0
What does the Peugeot company manufacture ?	There were 2,889 , 600 unemployed people registered in job centers .	0
What does the Peugeot company manufacture ?	The company was set up in the autumn of 1992 by the Swedish firm `` Scania Trucks and Bus `` and the Polish state enterprise `` Kapena `` .	0
What does the Peugeot company manufacture ?	Since that time the firm has produced 80 trucks of various kinds .	0
What does the Peugeot company manufacture ?	The success of the company led to the decision to manufacture buses .	0
What does the Peugeot company manufacture ?	The first issues of two - and five-year bonds , carrying fixed interest rates of 18 and 15 percent per annum respectively , will be sold at auctions from 17 February until 19 May 1994 .	0
What does the Peugeot company manufacture ?	Shetrit headed a delegation of Israeli businessmen whose task was to find ways of stepping up trade and tourist exchange between the two countries .	0
What does the Peugeot company manufacture ?	The agreement is also of considerable significance for over small 500 joint venture manufacturing and trading companies that have their operations in Lithuania .	0
What does the Peugeot company manufacture ?	Poland 's western border was crossed by some 80 million people in 1993 .	0
What does the Peugeot company manufacture ?	Liberadzki also announced that the Transport Ministry will examine the proposal by the German air carrier Lufthansa to become a strategic partner of LOT Polish Airlines .	0
What does the Peugeot company manufacture ?	The agency put to the bloc last year 1.7 million hectares of state farm land , of which nearly 57 percent found customers .	0
What does the Peugeot company manufacture ?	In a similar poll carried out last November , 35 percent of the polled firms reported growing production .	0
What does the Peugeot company manufacture ?	The already existing regular connections between Warsaw , Lvov , and Kiev will be extended to two more cities in each of the countries .	0
What does the Peugeot company manufacture ?	The new notes , with face values of Z500,000 zlotys and Z1,000 , 000 are improved versions of the existing notes .	0
What does the Peugeot company manufacture ?	However , the existing 500,000 and 1,000 , 000 zloty notes are to remain in circulation alongside the new ones , and will be replaced only as they become worn out .	0
What does the Peugeot company manufacture ?	Under the stock market regulations , one share in the stock exchange makes its holder eligible to apply for direct participation in stock market tradings .	0
What does the Peugeot company manufacture ?	In 1993 , prices of securities rose over 10 fold and turnover 40 -fold , Rozlucki said .	0
What does the Peugeot company manufacture ?	The firm wants to invest $ 8 million over the space of three years and eventually employ 90 workers .	0
What does the Peugeot company manufacture ?	`` Rentsch Poland `` will produce cardboard packaging for cigarettes , cosmetics , and food products for those Western clients of `` Rig Rentsch `` who have their factories in Poland .	0
What does the Peugeot company manufacture ?	`` Rig Rentsch Industrie Holding AG `` has 10 factories in 7 West European countries .	0
What does the Peugeot company manufacture ?	George Bozeanu , general manager of the company , says that the first ship being built for the same customer is in an advanced stage of assembly works .	0
What does the Peugeot company manufacture ?	-LRB- Bucharest ROMPRES in English 0759 GMT 3 Feb 94 AU -RRB- PRIVATIZATION PROSPECTS IN 1994 : The State Property Fund -LRB- FPS -RRB- privatized 40 companies in the first month of this year .	0
What does the Peugeot company manufacture ?	The total number of enterprises that turned private is currently 293 with a total number of more than 83,000 employees .	0
What does the Peugeot company manufacture ?	The State Property Fund 's nominal capital is about 61 billion lei and the number of shares sold by it is 9,116 , 107 , with a total value of 82.2 billion lei .	0
What does the Peugeot company manufacture ?	The FPS privatization offer through stock sale for 1994 is estimated at 2,368 companies including 1,930 small , 403 medium and 35 big ones .	0
What does the Peugeot company manufacture ?	The most numerous companies within this year 's privatization offer will be farming ones , that is , 1,036 .	0
What does the Peugeot company manufacture ?	Eligible for privatization are also 280 industrial companies , 215 trade ones , 141 transport companies , 131 food industry companies , 100 building and 27 travel companies .	0
What does the Peugeot company manufacture ?	As many as 6.63 million tons of crude and 20.117 billion cu . m .	0
What does the Peugeot company manufacture ?	Minister Oancea mentions that last year private owners bought most of the 16,138 tractors on the domestic market .	0
What does the Peugeot company manufacture ?	Private farmers own 44,000 of the existing 149,000 tractors .	0
What does the Peugeot company manufacture ?	A lower share is held by a total of 127 countries represented in Romania in point of subscribed capital investment , half of them with a foreign capital lower than 10 million lei .	0
What does the Peugeot company manufacture ?	-LRB- Bucharest ROMPRES in English 0453 GMT 27 Jan 94 AU -RRB- PRIVATIZATION PROSPECTS IN INDUSTRY : So far 27 state-owned companies have been turned to the private sector .	0
What does the Peugeot company manufacture ?	The information comes from VOCEA ROMANIEI -LRB- Romania 's Voice -RRB- , the government 's newspaper , which carries an interview with Industry Minister Dumitru Popescu .	0
What does the Peugeot company manufacture ?	The selection for privatization is a continuous process that gives Premier Vacaroiu 's statement that `` 1994 will be the year of wide-scale privatization '' the chance to make this come true in industry , the minister said .	0
What does the Peugeot company manufacture ?	The production of the units subordinated to the Ministry of Industries will grow by 2 - 4 percent in 1994 , the ministry estimates .	0
What does the Peugeot company manufacture ?	-LRB- Bucharest ROMPRES in English 0417 GMT 28 Jan 94 AU -RRB- JANUARY FOREIGN INVESTMENTS : 620 joint companies with a nominal capital of $ 14.8 million were registered with the Romanian Agency for Development in January .	0
What does the Peugeot company manufacture ?	Compared with the same month of 1993 , the number of newly created joint ventures dropped by 147 and the invested capital is $ 2.6 million less .	0
What does the Peugeot company manufacture ?	The total number of companies with foreign participation is now 29,753 and their total nominal capital is $ 768.8 million .	0
What does the Peugeot company manufacture ?	The company was set up in 1975 to revive an old tradition in Romanian aircraf t- manufacturing .	0
What does the Peugeot company manufacture ?	At present the company manufactures a wide range of items for the aircraft industry , as well as for other industrial fields .	0
What does the Peugeot company manufacture ?	The company is entirely state-owned and employs some 2,400 people , many of whom have undergone highly specialized training in Romania and abroad .	0
What does the Peugeot company manufacture ?	There are 400 engineers working at `` Turbomecanica , '' which can develop programs for aviation and other related economic fields .	0
What does the Peugeot company manufacture ?	The aviation profile -LRB- profile 1 -RRB- consists of four types of engines -LRB- military and civilian -RRB- and spare parts for helicopters ; some of the items are also exported .	0
What does the Peugeot company manufacture ?	The second profile of the company involves manufacturing free turbines -LRB- for high-power gas pumping stations -RRB- as well as other parts derived from aircraft systems .	0
What does the Peugeot company manufacture ?	-LRB- Bucharest ROMPRES in English 0758 GMT 25 Jan 94 AU -RRB- SLOVAKIA SLOVENE BUSES TO BE PRODUCED IN BRATISLAVA : Representatives of the Slovakia BUS shareholding company gave a briefing on a joint Slovak-Slovene project for producing buses .	0
What does the Peugeot company manufacture ?	It is reckoned that 50 buses will be produced this year ; the maximum production capacity is 100 buses .	0
What does the Peugeot company manufacture ?	Eighty - seven percent of entrepreneurs rate their standard of living positively , compared to 48 percent of blue-collar workers and 51 percent of white-collar workers .	0
What does the Peugeot company manufacture ?	-LRB- Bratislava NARODNA OBRODA in Slovak 29 Jan 94 p 4 AU -RRB- SCHOOL MEAL SUBSIDIES ABOLISHED ON 1 FEBRUARY : Subsidies for school meals will be abolished as of 1 February .	0
What does the Peugeot company manufacture ?	-LRB- Bratislava SME in Slovak 29 Jan 94 p 2 AU -RRB- MOST TOURISTS TO REPUBLIC COME FROM HUNGARY : More than 11.9 million tourists visited Slovakia during the first 11 months of last year .	0
What does the Peugeot company manufacture ?	Almost 2.5 million came from Austria , 2.4 million came from Poland , and 750,000 came from Ukraine .	0
What does the Peugeot company manufacture ?	During the same period , 7.2 million Slovaks traveled abroad .	0
What does the Peugeot company manufacture ?	-LRB- Bratislava HOSPODARSKE NOVINY in Slovak 31 Jan 94 p 1 AU -RRB- CONSUMER PRICES RISE 0.6 PERCENT IN DECEMBER : According to an analysis conducted by the Statistical Office , consumer prices rose 0.6 percent in December .	0
What does the Peugeot company manufacture ?	Waste water prices would increase from Sk0 .60 to Sk5.0 per cubic meter .	0
What does the Peugeot company manufacture ?	In telecommunications , it is proposed that the charges for installing a telephone be increased by around 50 percent , from Sk2,000 to Sk3,000 .	0
What does the Peugeot company manufacture ?	As far as energy costs are concerned , it is proposed that as of 1 April the cost of natural gas be increased by 25.6 percent and that electricity be increased by 35 percent .	0
What does the Peugeot company manufacture ?	Heating costs should rise by 20 percent as of 1 July .	0
What does the Peugeot company manufacture ?	The Austrian company will own 60 percent of the enterprise and the Slovak side the remainder .	0
What does the Peugeot company manufacture ?	The investment required for the first stage of production is 15 million Austrian schillings .	0
What does the Peugeot company manufacture ?	It owns all of the shares in more than 40 enterprises and more than 50 percent of the shares in more than 50 enterprises .	0
What does the Peugeot company manufacture ?	-LRB- Bratislava NARODNA OBRODA in Slovak 1 Feb 94 p 3 AU -RRB- PLANT IN KYSUCE LAYS OFF 491 WORKERS : As of 1 February , 491 workers will be laid off at the roller bearing plant in Kysuce .	0
What does the Peugeot company manufacture ?	This means that the number of people employed at the plant will decline to 2,100 .	0
What does the Peugeot company manufacture ?	The new company will be known as PROSYST-OFT-ELEKTRONICS .	0
What does the Peugeot company manufacture ?	In 60 days , the company will begin to manufacture fax machines intended for businessmen and households .	0
What does the Peugeot company manufacture ?	He suggested that , by means of this ploy , some 229,400 people who were jobless did not figure in the official unemployment statistics for October 1993 .	0
What does the Peugeot company manufacture ?	Since the end of November 1993 , the number of recipients of unemployment benefits has declined by 1,599 .	0
What does the Peugeot company manufacture ?	There are some 37,000 eastern Slovaks seeking jobs -LRB- 123,000 people in the whole republic -RRB- , with an average 48 jobless per vacancy both in the districts and on the nationwide scale .	0
What does the Peugeot company manufacture ?	On top of that , on 10 January the company received from the state Sk20 million for development programs .	0
What does the Peugeot company manufacture ?	ZTS Martin is owed more than Sk3 billion by its customers ; $ 20 million of the company 's claims are `` frozen '' in Iraq alone .	0
What does the Peugeot company manufacture ?	The partial debt write-off and the drawing of new credits will substantially improve the company 's situation .	0
What does the Peugeot company manufacture ?	Only two of Slovakia 's 413 ophthalmologists , for example , operate private practices .	0
What does the Peugeot company manufacture ?	This was 5.2 percent of all foreign investment in Slovakia in the first three-quarters of 1993 .	0
What does the Peugeot company manufacture ?	More than two-thirds of the network are single-track lines .	0
What does the Peugeot company manufacture ?	One - third of the network is electrified .	0
What does the Peugeot company manufacture ?	The company will deliver a total of 125 watchtowers in three different heights to former Yugoslavia .	0
What does the Peugeot company manufacture ?	-LRB- Bratislava REPUBLIKA in Slovak 18 Jan 94 p 2 AU -RRB- LIQUIDATION OF 10 STATE FARMS PROPOSED : The Ministry of Agriculture is the sponsor of 301 state farms .	0
What does the Peugeot company manufacture ?	An analysis of the economic efficiency of these farms revealed that only 51 of them `` have the prospect of further growth . ''	0
What does the Peugeot company manufacture ?	The number of registered issues increased from 497 in the first periodic auction to 548 in the seventh auction , but actual trading was restricted to a few issues .	0
What does the Peugeot company manufacture ?	This should create about 200 new jobs in Slovakia in the next two years .	0
What does the Peugeot company manufacture ?	He pointed out that Slovakia 's problem did not lie in the small number of banks , but in the shortage of capital , and criticized the further fragmentation of the banks ' already scarce resources .	0
What does the Peugeot company manufacture ?	-LRB- Bratislava NARODNA OBRODA in Slovakia 21 Jan 94 p 24 AU -RRB- ELECTRICITY PRODUCTION , IMPORTS : Slovensky Energeticky Podnik -LRB- Slovak Energy Company , SEP -RRB- is the largest generator of electricity in Slovakia .	0
What does the Peugeot company manufacture ?	In 1993 , it generated 24.5 billion kilowatt hours of electricity -LRB- 84 percent of Slovakia 's overall production -RRB- , about one-half of which was nuclear power .	0
What does the Peugeot company manufacture ?	According to Binder , so far it has not been possible to purchase about one-half of the 700 plots of land included in the future building site .	0
What does the Peugeot company manufacture ?	Once completed , the power plant will provide 170,000 megawatt hours of electricity every year , which will cover the annual consumption of electricity of more than 50,000 households and help save 190,000 tons of coal .	0
What does the Peugeot company manufacture ?	The trade balance between the two countries showed a Slovak surplus of Sk1.191 billion .	0
What does the Peugeot company manufacture ?	A total of 122 Polish firms with an aggregate capital of SkIS million were registered in Slovakia at the end of September 1993 .	0
What does the Peugeot company manufacture ?	The `` alarming '' situation is demonstrated by a 30-percent drop in the volume of building work and by the loss of another 16,000 jobs in 1993 .	0
What does the Peugeot company manufacture ?	According to Slavik , 40 building companies have gone bankrupt thus far , 22 of them in 1993 .	0
What does the Peugeot company manufacture ?	The branch employs about 105,000 people .	0
What does the Peugeot company manufacture ?	The company will be engaged in the procurement , sale , and distribution of petrochemical products and in the construction and operation of gas stations .	0
What does the Peugeot company manufacture ?	By the end of 1994 it intends to open the first five to seven gas stations at an `` international standard . ''	0
What does the Peugeot company manufacture ?	The company intends to invest $ 6 to $ 8 million in Slovakia annually , which is equivalent to 5 percent of all foreign investment in Slovakia in 1993 .	0
What does the Peugeot company manufacture ?	According to Wilhelm Weiss , general director of Shell Slovakia , the company 's aim is to achieve a 10 percent market share in Slovakia .	0
What does the Peugeot company manufacture ?	Another 53 French families are expected to arrive in Tlmace by mid-January .	0
What does the Peugeot company manufacture ?	In the first half of the year , Slovakia imported from the Czech Republic Sk1 .205 billion worth of agricultural commodities , while Slovak exports of these commodities to the Czech Republic reached only Sk379 million .	0
What does the Peugeot company manufacture ?	-LRB- Bratislava HOSPODARSKE NOVINY in Slovak 5 Jan 94 p 1 AU -RRB- SLOVAK COMPANY PLACES BONDS ON WESTERN CAPITAL MARKET : For the first time ever , a Slovak company has issued bonds on international capital markets .	0
What does the Peugeot company manufacture ?	The lead manager of the issue was the London -based Nomura International securities company .	0
What does the Peugeot company manufacture ?	The three-year , $ 21 million `` Eurodollar '' bond carries an interest rate of 7.875 percent , and the issue price was 99.832 percent .	0
What does the Peugeot company manufacture ?	Despite a six- month delay -LRB- the government promised to write off ZTS debts in August 1993 -RRB- , P. Konciar , the company 's director , `` received the news with great gratitude . ''	0
What does the Peugeot company manufacture ?	-LRB- Bratislava NARODNA OBRODA in Slovak 14 Jan 94 p 2 ; Bratislava SME in Slovak 14 Jan 94 p 2 AU -RRB- ELAG/09 March/ECONF/East Europe Division cka 12/0446z mar	0
What does the Peugeot company manufacture ?	Peugeot and Citroen are deploying in Egypt , India , and China , where Renault will join them .	0
What does the Peugeot company manufacture ?	Anticipated production : 20,000 units by 1998 .	0
What does the Peugeot company manufacture ?	Despite the fundamentalist threat , PSA -LSB- Peugeot SA -RSB- is banking on this small , growing market , still free of strong Japanese competition .	0
What does the Peugeot company manufacture ?	Citroen plans to manufacture 150,000 ZX 's a year beginning around mid-1995 in two new plants in the center of China .	0
What does the Peugeot company manufacture ?	Some ten or so French suppliers are in the process of setting up installations there .	0
What does the Peugeot company manufacture ?	Some 40 or more are expected to follow .	0
What does the Peugeot company manufacture ?	Source : Peugeot - Renault - Citroen - L'USINE NOUVELLE	0
What does the Peugeot company manufacture ?	However , last year Peugeot Talbot still achieved its second best financial result since Peugeot took over the chronically loss-making UK operations of Chrysler -LRB- formerly the Rootes group -RRB- in 1978 .	0
What does the Peugeot company manufacture ?	Production has risen for five years in succession from only 19,977 in 1985 .	0
What does the Peugeot company manufacture ?	Net profits fell by 29 per cent from Pounds 104m to Pounds 74m , as the company became liable for a full tax charge after exhausting carry-forward losses in 1989 .	0
What does the Peugeot company manufacture ?	The Peugeot group had previously decided against substantial extra investment at Ryton , however , in favour of increasing capacity at its main French plants .	0
What does the Peugeot company manufacture ?	The company has already cut more than 700 jobs in the last six months reducing its workforce to just over 7,000 .	0
What does the Peugeot company manufacture ?	The plant has been working a four-day week for much of this year with 14 production days eliminated in order to reduce output .	0
What does the Peugeot company manufacture ?	The rate of production has been cut to 2,100 a week from a peak of 2,650 last year , but Mr Whalen said that five-day working would be resumed in May .	0
What does the Peugeot company manufacture ?	As a result the Peugeot marque increased its share of the market modestly to 6.2 per cent from 6 per cent a year earlier .	0
What does the Peugeot company manufacture ?	In the first quarter of this year Peugeot further increased its market share to 7 per cent .	0
What does the Peugeot company manufacture ?	Sales fell by 8.6 per cent to 31,857 compared with a plunge in the overall market of 21.6 per cent .	0
What does the Peugeot company manufacture ?	Mr Calvet , added that Peugeot 's consolidated revenue was fairly stable last year , against that of the previous year .	0
What does the Peugeot company manufacture ?	Peugeot posted net profit after payments to minority interests of FFr9.3 bn	0
What does the Peugeot company manufacture ?	At around L26m -LRB- Pounds 12,000 -RRB- in Italy , the Cinquecento Elttra will cost roughly 2.6 times as much as a well-equipped petrol version .	0
What does the Peugeot company manufacture ?	The Elettra is thus strictly a two seater .	0
What does the Peugeot company manufacture ?	'At present , I think we will sell only 150 - 200 in 1992-93 , rising to 400-500 in 1994 and 1,000 - 1,500 in 1995 , ' says Massimello .	0
What does the Peugeot company manufacture ?	'But then we see a sharp rise - to 5,000 in 1996 , 10,000 in 1997 and 20,000 in 1998 . '	0
What does the Peugeot company manufacture ?	By 2000 , Fiat expects the Italian market alone to be absorbing 70,000 .	0
What does the Peugeot company manufacture ?	However , neither Fiat nor Peugeot is concerned about such high performance - at least for Euopean Markets .	0
What does the Peugeot company manufacture ?	'A customer might be expected to pay 10-15 per cent extra , not 2.6 times extra , ' he says .	0
What does the Peugeot company manufacture ?	These UK -built 405s went to a total of 20 countries , although numerically by far the greatest proportion went to France and other EC states .	0
What does the Peugeot company manufacture ?	Despite the award , in financial terms Peugeot Talbot almost certainly remains a net importer .	0
What does the Peugeot company manufacture ?	Given that in the early 1980s there were strong doubts as to whether Peugeot Talbot had any kind of manufacturing future in the UK , however , the company 's achievements are not to be underestimated .	0
What does the Peugeot company manufacture ?	Bill Hooley , who , in January last year signed a three-year , Pounds 71,500 -a-year contract as managing director of Butte Mining , a London -listed company , has resigned .	0
What does the Peugeot company manufacture ?	Hooley will work for Butte four days a week as a consultant in Australia where he went after it took over two small companies there .	0
What does the Peugeot company manufacture ?	Dubai had seemed a sunnier prospect in more ways than one , as the UK motor trade and industry continued a long struggle to emerge from its early 1980s recession .	0
What does the Peugeot company manufacture ?	The two will hold equal shares in the company .	0
What does the Peugeot company manufacture ?	They are expected this year to be under 2,800 units , against a peak of 5,414 in 1990 .	0
What does the Peugeot company manufacture ?	Unless sales pick up sharply , Peugeot will have difficulty supporting the 180 Peugeot showrooms in the country .	0
What does the Peugeot company manufacture ?	The two companies will hold equal shares in Peugeot Japon , but it remained unclear whether stakes in the company would be retained by minority Japanese shareholders , including Suzuki , Seibu Motors and Nissho Iwai .	0
What does the Peugeot company manufacture ?	Mr Philip Mead , Peugeot Asia Pacific director , said : 'We are there to attack the market and take market share from German manufacturers ' .	0
What does the Peugeot company manufacture ?	Mr Jacques Calvet , the chairman of Peugeot , has condemned the deal as an example of how Europe has 'unilaterally disarmed without anything in exchange ' .	0
What does the Peugeot company manufacture ?	One sign of this is its readiness to allow Nissan to buy out its French dealership earlier this year , ending 10 years of resistance to the deal .	0
What does the Peugeot company manufacture ?	Only 10 years ago it was unthinkable that Peugeot and Renault could face Japanese competition head-on .	0
What does the Peugeot company manufacture ?	Renault has cut its workforce by 25 per cent over the past five years , while Peugeot , less overmannned than its public sector rival , has managed a 5 per cent reduction over the same period .	0
What does the Peugeot company manufacture ?	The two groups have also successfully introduced just in time stock control , Japanese style production teams in place of the old line management system , reorganised their design departments , and modernised most of their product ranges .	0
What does the Peugeot company manufacture ?	As a result , Peugeot has over the past five years closed all its refinishing shops .	0
What does the Peugeot company manufacture ?	Renault and Peugeot are getting less integrated and becoming primarily designers and assemblers .	0
What does the Peugeot company manufacture ?	As a result , the proportion of bought-in components has risen steeply in recent years to just over 60 per cent of operating total costs at Peugeot and 67 per cent at Renault .	0
What does the Peugeot company manufacture ?	Peugeot and Renault have for the past five years been running joint audits on component suppliers ' quality , and are thinking of extending this system to cover suppliers ' productivity and costs .	0
What does the Peugeot company manufacture ?	Here Peugeot estimates that the Japanese still have a substantial advantage , capable of launching a new model for around FFr3-4bn in three years , as against the French average of FFr6bn to FFr8bn in four to five years .	0
What does the Peugeot company manufacture ?	Peugeot last year placed the design teams of its two sister companies under a single management to help them work faster and expects to produce the first concrete results from 1994 .	0
What does the Peugeot company manufacture ?	Even so , Renault and Peugeot have some way to go before they can meet Japanese standards of productivity .	0
What does the Peugeot company manufacture ?	The decision opens the way for eight big foreign companies to enter newly liberalised Indian markets .	0
What does the Peugeot company manufacture ?	Peugeot will invest Rs1.20bn in the project , which has export obligations .	0
What does the Peugeot company manufacture ?	Since 1992 , it is 25 per cent -owned by Peugeot Talbot UK and 75 per cent -owned by the French component manufacturer ECIA , itself majority-owned by Peugeot France .	0
What does the Peugeot company manufacture ?	HPC delivers complete sub-assembled seats and facias to Peugeot Talbot at Ryton .	0
What does the Peugeot company manufacture ?	TECHNOLOGY FILE Software : The Data 3 manufacturing system provides a central pool of information to every department in the company , including production and sales and marketing .	0
What does the Peugeot company manufacture ?	Hardware : IBM AS400 D45 , supporting up to 40 terminals .	0
What does the Peugeot company manufacture ?	Pouns 35,000 software licence per annum .	0
What does the Peugeot company manufacture ?	GIB GROUP , the retailer which is Belgium 's biggest private-sector employer , is to cut 3,300 full-time jobs in its nationwide supermarket chain over the next three years .	0
What does the Peugeot company manufacture ?	GIB said 4,600 of the 17,000 full-time and part-time employees of the GIB supermarket chain would lose their jobs .	0
What does the Peugeot company manufacture ?	The company said the cuts in its supermarket activities would free BFr5bn -LRB- Dollars 144.5m -RRB- of new funds .	0
What does the Peugeot company manufacture ?	Overall , GIB employs just over 57,000 people directly , and 70,000 including franchises .	0
What does the Peugeot company manufacture ?	The past week has seen the announcement of more than 15,000 job losses , mainly by publicly-owned companies , prompting Mr Edouard Balladur , the prime minister , to urge restraint on the part of industry .	0
What does the Peugeot company manufacture ?	At Peugeot , the planned cuts included 2,547 jobs at the company 's Mulhouse , Sochaux , Lille , Sept Fons and St Etienne plants .	0
What does the Peugeot company manufacture ?	His appeal came the day after the announcement or confirmation of about 13,000 job cuts by French companies , described by the press as 'Black Wednesday ' .	0
What does the Peugeot company manufacture ?	The company said its difficult financial situation led to the decision to cut 4,000 jobs , almost 10 per cent of its workforce , by the end of next year .	0
What does the Peugeot company manufacture ?	Snecma , the state-owned maker of aircraft engines , announced it would cut the equivalent of 775 full time jobs in 1994 .	0
What does the Peugeot company manufacture ?	Company officials declined to comment yesterday .	0
What does the Peugeot company manufacture ?	Renault and Peugeot both own 48.5 per cent of the company 's shares .	0
What does the Peugeot company manufacture ?	Under French company law , Chausson will present its application to suspend payments at a commercial tribunal .	0
What does the Peugeot company manufacture ?	The company said it will continue its production activities .	0
What does the Peugeot company manufacture ?	Renault said yesterday it had been willing to pay half of a restructuring package , estimated at FFr170m -LRB- Dollars 30m -RRB- for this year , if Peugeot would pay the other half .	0
What does the Peugeot company manufacture ?	Peugeot declined to comment yesterday .	0
What does the Peugeot company manufacture ?	Another western opportunity in Taiwan is in the process of being realised : Volkswagen vans are to be produced by the Ching Chung Motor Company from late 1993 .	0
What does the Peugeot company manufacture ?	The downturn has taken its toll on the two principal carmakers , particularly in their home market .	0
What does the Peugeot company manufacture ?	For Renault , there is consolation in the fact that the company is winning market share from its domestic rival and from international manufacturers .	0
What does the Peugeot company manufacture ?	But the prospect of continued depressed demand raises a series of difficult decisions for the French carmakers .	0
What does the Peugeot company manufacture ?	Peugeot-Citroen has already announced reduced working days at its factories in Mulhouse and Sochaux in eastern France and is reducing its workforce by almost 3,000 this year .	0
What does the Peugeot company manufacture ?	Mr Gerard Longuet , the French industry minister , is pressing Renault to complete the alliance with Volvo to prepare the French carmaker for privatisation .	0
What does the Peugeot company manufacture ?	It will allow the merged company to achieve economies of scale and reduced production costs and enable joint marketing and research operations .	0
What does the Peugeot company manufacture ?	The two sides are expected to meet again in September to discuss the issue .	0
What does the Peugeot company manufacture ?	The company achieved sales of FFr73.05 bn	0
What does the Peugeot company manufacture ?	The company said that these effects accounted for about 4 per cent of the decline in sales during the first half .	0
What does the Peugeot company manufacture ?	The company said it enjoyed strong sales in the British market and consolidated its position in Germany .	0
What does the Peugeot company manufacture ?	The Wooton group , through its development manager Ashford Developments , wants to turn the surface site of the colliery into a multi-use industrial and commercial area , which could create up to 2,000 jobs .	0
What does the Peugeot company manufacture ?	Peugeot has a manufacturing plant at nearby Ryton .	0
What does the Peugeot company manufacture ?	The Coventry pit is also the subject of a bid from Coal Investments , the company led by Mr Malcolm Edwards , former commercial director of British Coal , who wants to re-open the mine .	0
What does the Peugeot company manufacture ?	The company has also bid to re-open the Trentham colliery in Staffordshire under licence .	0
What does the Peugeot company manufacture ?	Mr Gerard Longuet , industry minister , said the government was seeking to ensure the industrial future of Chausson , which is owned 50-50 by Renault , the state-owned automotive group , and Peugeot , its private-sector rival .	0
What does the Peugeot company manufacture ?	Chausson has two factories on the outskirts of Paris , at Creil and Gennevilliers .	0
What does the Peugeot company manufacture ?	Last year Peugeot Talbot made its first loss since the late 1980s - Pounds 8.7m before tax .	0
What does the Peugeot company manufacture ?	Mr Geoffrey Whalen , Peugeot Talbot deputy chairman , said there was little early prospect of more jobs at the Ryton plant itself , which employs 3,000 people .	0
How much did Mercury spend on advertising in 1993 ?	last year the company spent Pounds 12m on advertising .	1
How much did Mercury spend on advertising in 1993 ?	Mercury Asset Management has turned to radio to increase brand awareness .	0
How much did Mercury spend on advertising in 1993 ?	Richard Royds , managing director of Mercury fund managers , says the drawbacks of radio are offset by the advantages .	0
How much did Mercury spend on advertising in 1993 ?	None of the advertising attempts to define a unit trust .	0
How much did Mercury spend on advertising in 1993 ?	Newspapers and posters remain the backbone of advertising because of the amount of information they can contain .	0
How much did Mercury spend on advertising in 1993 ?	Mercury , the telecommunications company , is to end its television advertising campaign which features comedian Harry Enfield , it said yesterday .	0
How much did Mercury spend on advertising in 1993 ?	Mercury plans to concentrate on business users and is to abandon its public payphone operation .	0
How much did Mercury spend on advertising in 1993 ?	The award-winning campaign broke new ground in advertising techniques .	0
What is the name of the managing director of Apricot Computer ?	Mr Peter Horne , Apricot managing director , said using new technology would cut costs and improve efficiency to the point where manufacturing costs in Scotland were lower than at Mitsubishi 's plants in either Singapore or Japan .	1
What is the name of the managing director of Apricot Computer ?	PERSONAL computer production at the Apricot Computer plant in Glenrothes , Scotland , is likely to treble next year after completion of a 3,000 sq metre extension .	0
What is the name of the managing director of Apricot Computer ?	It will mean a further 25 jobs , a 10 per cent increase in Apricot 's workforce .	0
What is the name of the managing director of Apricot Computer ?	Last year , as part of the expansion plan , Mitsubishi increased Apricot 's paid-up capital from Pounds 3.2m to Pounds 12.6m .	0
What is the name of the managing director of Apricot Computer ?	At present Apricot buys some of its printed circuit boards from subcontractors .	0
What is the name of the managing director of Apricot Computer ?	Apricot is Mitsubishi 's world centre for workstations and open systems - compatible with industry standard - technology .	0
What is the name of the managing director of Apricot Computer ?	Mr David Boole , director of public affairs , said : 'For Jaguar as an operating unit the exchange rate is a disaster .	0
What is the name of the managing director of Apricot Computer ?	Mr Peter Bates , sales and marketing director of the Savoy hotel group , said : 'There is no doubt that it is very expensive for an American to come here at the moment . '	0
What is the name of the managing director of Apricot Computer ?	But Mr Christopher Taylor , finance director , said : 'Sales into dollar economies which are being delivered now were sold at much better than the present rate .	0
What is the name of the managing director of Apricot Computer ?	Mr Roger Heape , managing director of British Airways Holidays , said that the state of the dollar had allowed the company to offer 1993 holidays at prices 6 per cent lower than this year .	0
What is the name of the managing director of Apricot Computer ?	'The future for us is customer loyalty , ' said Mr Stephen Cronin , group resources director at Rank Xerox -LRB- UK -RRB- .	0
What is the name of the managing director of Apricot Computer ?	Mr Allan Amey , managing director of LDV , formerly Leyland Daf Vans , warned that 'the larger the organisation the more in-built corporate inertia exists ' .	0
Why did David Koresh ask the FBI for a word processor ?	at the weekend Mr Koresh requested a word processor to enable him to record his revelations .	1
Why did David Koresh ask the FBI for a word processor ?	over the weekend Mr Koresh sent a request for a word processor to enable him to record his revelations .	1
Why did David Koresh ask the FBI for a word processor ?	Koresh explained that he was delaying until he had finished writing the revelations of the Twelfth Seal .	0
Why did David Koresh ask the FBI for a word processor ?	The compound housing an estimated 95 followers of religious zealot Mr David Koresh was destroyed after three fires were started by members of the cult , possibly with kerosene , according to the FBI .	0
Why did David Koresh ask the FBI for a word processor ?	The FBI said it believed Mr Koresh ordered a mass suicide and that there had been 'massive loss of life ' .	0
Why did David Koresh ask the FBI for a word processor ?	Mr Koresh and all but nine of his followers were presumed dead .	0
Why did David Koresh ask the FBI for a word processor ?	The FBI said that among the nine survivors were an Australian and two of the 26 Britons believed by the Foreign Office to have been in the compound .	0
Why did David Koresh ask the FBI for a word processor ?	One survivor was quoted as saying that , after the fires were lit , Mr Koresh advised his followers to 'relax ' because they would soon be seeing 'the face of God ' .	0
Why did David Koresh ask the FBI for a word processor ?	Attorney-general Janet Reno , who took responsibility for the FBI action , last night said the plan to move against the compound had appeared the best way to end the stand-off without bloodshed .	0
Why did David Koresh ask the FBI for a word processor ?	She absolved President Clinton of blame , saying he knew only generally of the plan , and added that the FBI had 'acted professionally and with remarkable restraint ' .	0
Why did David Koresh ask the FBI for a word processor ?	It started several hours after the FBI rammed the compound with tanks and fired tear- gas in an attempt to end the siege .	0
Why did David Koresh ask the FBI for a word processor ?	Only last week Mr Koresh warned FBI agents that they would be 'devoured ' by fire if they tried to harm him .	0
Why did David Koresh ask the FBI for a word processor ?	But the FBI was evidently no longer prepared to wait .	0
Why did David Koresh ask the FBI for a word processor ?	At 5.55am local time yesterday the cult was telephoned and informed that the FBI would begin to fire teargas into the compound .	0
Why did David Koresh ask the FBI for a word processor ?	A fire , which the White House said was deliberately started by followers of religious zealot Mr David Koresh , destroyed the compound where the cult members had been holed up .	0
Why did David Koresh ask the FBI for a word processor ?	The White House said FBI agents were doing everything possible to rescue the 95 cult followers from the compound and that at least 20 people had left .	0
Why did David Koresh ask the FBI for a word processor ?	Seventeen children under 10 years old were believed to be inside the compound with Mr Koresh and his followers .	0
Why did David Koresh ask the FBI for a word processor ?	'They 're still pulling people out , ' a White House official said , adding that the FBI did not know how many would survive the fire .	0
Why did David Koresh ask the FBI for a word processor ?	FBI agents pulled out of the compound one reluctant woman who did not want to leave .	0
Why did David Koresh ask the FBI for a word processor ?	talk to the attorney-general or the FBI .	0
Why did David Koresh ask the FBI for a word processor ?	There was no immediate indication of what happened to Mr Koresh , the religious leader who believes he is the incarnation of Jesus Christ .	0
Why did David Koresh ask the FBI for a word processor ?	Mr Koresh last week disappointed federal agents by failing to surrender on weapons and other charges resulting from the raid , which left four agents dead , that began the stand-off .	0
Why did David Koresh ask the FBI for a word processor ?	The FBI was evidently no longer prepared to wait .	0
Why did David Koresh ask the FBI for a word processor ?	Mr Bob Ricks , the FBI agent in charge of the operation , said the teargas was fired to 'make them as uncomfortable as possible ' .	0
Why did David Koresh ask the FBI for a word processor ?	So why did Gran and Marks get it wrong ?	0
Why did David Koresh ask the FBI for a word processor ?	Anything but clear , as we were reminded by Panorama ; Sinful Messiah -LRB- BBC 1 , Monday -RRB- is whether the FBI were justified in mounting the assault on the Branch Davidian headquarters .	0
Why did David Koresh ask the FBI for a word processor ?	Fresh material given to Panorama , a taped conversation between cult-leader David Koresh and his lawyer late in the siege , suggests that Koresh did not want mass-suicide .	0
Why did David Koresh ask the FBI for a word processor ?	This the FBI dismissed as mere bluff , so Koresh 's deadline was literally that .	0
What debts did Qintex group leave ?	Qintex Australia Ltd. and Qintex Ltd. together have debt of about $ 1.4 billion -LRB- Australian -RRB- , according to two analysts at Australian brokerage firms .	1
What debts did Qintex group leave ?	Before trading halted , shares of Qintex Australia had plunged to 16 cents -LRB- Australian -RRB- from 33 cents on Friday .	0
What debts did Qintex group leave ?	The price of Qintex Ltd. , which owns 55 % of Qintex Australia , dropped to $ 1.50 -LRB- Australian -RRB- from $ 3.05 on Friday .	0
What debts did Qintex group leave ?	In another development , two outside Qintex directors resigned rather than approve payments to senior executives , Qintex Chairman Christopher C. Skase disclosed .	0
What debts did Qintex group leave ?	For the year ended July 31 , Qintex Australia paid the management company $ 32.6 million -LRB- Australian -RRB- .	0
What debts did Qintex group leave ?	Qintex 's resort business also has been hammered since Australian pilots began a strike in late August that reduced tourism revenue by as much as 32 % in September from a year earlier , one analyst said .	0
What debts did Qintex group leave ?	`` One of the good things about Qintex is it certainly has top-quality assets . ''	0
What debts did Qintex group leave ?	And -- until Skase bid for MGM/UA -- the Qintex chairman appeared to be a more frugal buyer of Australian assets , according to Shvets .	0
What debts did Qintex group leave ?	The letter was never delivered , however , and on Oct. 10 the deal collapsed amid rancorous accusations and a MGM/UA lawsuit accusing the Australian Qintex firm of fraud .	0
What debts did Qintex group leave ?	But analysts pointed out that Qintex had apparently counted on MGM/UA 's cash -- estimated at $ 145 million -- to help address Qintex 's short-term cash flow problems .	0
What debts did Qintex group leave ?	Some analysts were still reeling from the Qintex Entertainment bankruptcy filing last week , because they believed the U.S. company had the Australian 's group full backing .	0
What debts did Qintex group leave ?	When a $ 5.9-million payment to MCA Inc. came due , however , Qintex Entertainment sought the court 's protection because -- even with the help of Qintex Australia -- financing could not be arranged , the company said .	0
What debts did Qintex group leave ?	One of Qintex 's most visible assets remains the Dana Point resort project in Orange County , which an official described as a top priority now that the MGM/UA deal has collapsed .	0
What debts did Qintex group leave ?	`` This is very important to the company , '' said a Qintex official .	0
What debts did Qintex group leave ?	Qintex bought two sites in the beach town for about $ 247 million this summer and plans to build a resort for affluent guests .	0
What debts did Qintex group leave ?	Qintex Australia Ltd. , the media and property empire built by entrepreneur Christopher Skase , went into receivership Tuesday in an effort to ward off complete liquidation .	0
What debts did Qintex group leave ?	The court appointed David Crawford and John Allpass , chartered accountants with KPMG Peat Marwick Hungerfords , as receivers and managers of Qintex Australia and 28 associated companies , stripping Skase of an operational role in the company .	0
What debts did Qintex group leave ?	Peter Buchanan , a lawyer representing Qintex , told the Supreme Court in Victoria state that it is vital for Seven Network and other Qintex television stations to continue operating so they do not lose their broadcasting licenses .	0
What debts did Qintex group leave ?	Crawford and Allpass were given wide powers , including the right to hire and fire , sell Qintex assets and borrow money .	0
What debts did Qintex group leave ?	Qintex Entertainment has been in Chapter 11 since the parent company refused to advance needed cash after the aborted MGM/UA deal .	0
What debts did Qintex group leave ?	The banks wanted to avoid a liquidation , he said , because the sale of all Qintex assets would cover only a bit more than half the outstanding debts .	0
What debts did Qintex group leave ?	Qintex purchased the 232-acre parcel near Dana Point in southern Orange County last July and took an option on a 115-acre property nearby with the intention of building a luxury resort .	0
What debts did Qintex group leave ?	Local real estate experts said the price Qintex paid for the larger property -- $ 132 million -- was exorbitant .	0
What debts did Qintex group leave ?	Qintex owns two luxury resorts in Australia and the Princeville resort in Hawaii .	0
What debts did Qintex group leave ?	The court appointed chartered accountants David Crawford and John Allpass from KPMG Peat Marwick Hungerfords as receivers and managers of Qintex Australia and 28 associated companies , stripping Skase of an operational role in the company .	0
What debts did Qintex group leave ?	But Qintex earlier this month forfeited its right to the Headlands property when it missed an installment payment , and it now appears that the Monarch Beach property will be put on the block .	0
What debts did Qintex group leave ?	The banks wanted to avoid a liquidation , he said , because a sale of all Qintex assets would cover only a bit more than half of the outstanding debts .	0
What is the name of the rare neurological disease with symptoms such as : involuntary movements -LRB- tics -RRB- , swearing , and incoherent vocalizations -LRB- grunts , shouts , etc. -RRB- ?	my 12-year-old son has a neurological disorder known as Tourette 's Syndrome .	1
What is the name of the rare neurological disease with symptoms such as : involuntary movements -LRB- tics -RRB- , swearing , and incoherent vocalizations -LRB- grunts , shouts , etc. -RRB- ?	Jennifer Kirk of Thousand Oaks is studying acting at Moorpark College because she wants to be effective in her efforts to educate the public on Tourette 's Syndrome and obsessive-compulsive behavior .	0
What is the name of the rare neurological disease with symptoms such as : involuntary movements -LRB- tics -RRB- , swearing , and incoherent vocalizations -LRB- grunts , shouts , etc. -RRB- ?	Perhaps the most unusual reason for taking an acting class is offered by Kirk , who said she has both Tourette 's Syndrome and obsessive-compulsive disorder .	0
What is the name of the rare neurological disease with symptoms such as : involuntary movements -LRB- tics -RRB- , swearing , and incoherent vocalizations -LRB- grunts , shouts , etc. -RRB- ?	This is a disease -LRB- not a form of retardation -RRB- that is controlled by medication .	0
What is the name of the rare neurological disease with symptoms such as : involuntary movements -LRB- tics -RRB- , swearing , and incoherent vocalizations -LRB- grunts , shouts , etc. -RRB- ?	The syndrome is a rare neurological disease with a variety of symptoms , including involuntary purposeless movements , swearing , tics and incoherent grunts and barks .	0
How far is Yaroslavl from Moscow ?	in Yaroslavl , 150 miles northeast of Moscow , authorities imposed a local state of emergency and vowed to get the harvest in even if it meant marshaling industrial workers , students and army units .	1
Name the designer of the shoe that spawned millions of plastic imitations , known as `` jellies '' .	Trasko calls members of the haute shoe-buying clique `` shoe collectors or shoe enthusiasts .	0
Name the designer of the shoe that spawned millions of plastic imitations , known as `` jellies '' .	Yet every enthusiast can name a designer who sends her into ecstasy .	0
Name the designer of the shoe that spawned millions of plastic imitations , known as `` jellies '' .	So when her mother asked her which shoe she wanted , the lavender or the black , she picked up one of each , '' recalls Ragsdale .	0
Name the designer of the shoe that spawned millions of plastic imitations , known as `` jellies '' .	If more is required , she takes them to a place where she has seen miracles worked : the Shoe Doctor on West 3rd Street in Los Angeles .	0
Name the designer of the shoe that spawned millions of plastic imitations , known as `` jellies '' .	Tips from other footwear fanatics include : Stuff shoes with tissue or shoe trees .	0
Name the designer of the shoe that spawned millions of plastic imitations , known as `` jellies '' .	But for shoe enthusiast Elizabeth Kellin that is n't good enough : `` I would have blown him up . ''	0
Name the designer of the shoe that spawned millions of plastic imitations , known as `` jellies '' .	Cynthia Emmel , director of communications for the National Shoe Retailers Assn. , says the average woman in the United States owns 15 to 20 pairs of shoes and spends $ 50 for a pair of quality pumps .	0
Who was President Cleveland 's wife ?	Grover Cleveland , who in June 1886 married 21-year-old Frances Folsom , Cleveland 's ward since her father died in 1875 .	1
Who was President Cleveland 's wife ?	Which state produced the President who held office for only one day ?	0
Who was President Cleveland 's wife ?	Which President 's birthplace is claimed by two states ?	0
Who was President Cleveland 's wife ?	South Carolina celebrates its home-grown president with Andrew Jackson State Park on U.S. 521 , north of Lancaster .	0
Who was President Cleveland 's wife ?	In 1976 , during the Bicentennial , officials planted a time capsule beneath the President Gerald R. Ford Birthsite & Gardens in Omaha .	0
Who was President Cleveland 's wife ?	Who was the only President to be married in the White House ?	0
Who was President Cleveland 's wife ?	Which birthplace is on land still inhabited by a late President 's widow ?	0
Who was President Cleveland 's wife ?	Who is the only President born in California ?	0
Who was President Cleveland 's wife ?	Which President was born on the plantation where `` Taps '' was composed ?	0
Who was President Cleveland 's wife ?	William Henry Harrison -LRB- son of Declaration of Independence signer Benjamin Harrison , who also lived in the house , and grandfather of 23rd President Benjamin Harrison -RRB- was born on Berkeley plantation in Virginia .	0
Who was President Cleveland 's wife ?	George Washington -LRB- first President -RRB- : Born Feb. 22 , 1732 , in Westmoreland County .	0
Who was President Cleveland 's wife ?	John Adams -LRB- second President -RRB- : Born Oct. 30 , 1735 , in Braintree , now Quincy , Mass .	0
Who was President Cleveland 's wife ?	John Quincy Adams -LRB- sixth President and son of President John Adams -RRB- : Born July 11 , 1767 , in Quincy , Mass. , next door to the house in which his father was born .	0
Who was President Cleveland 's wife ?	William Henry Harrison -LRB- ninth President -RRB- : Born Feb. 9 , 1773 , on Berkeley plantation halfway between Richmond and Williamsburg in Charles City County , Va .	0
Who was President Cleveland 's wife ?	Abraham Lincoln -LRB- 16th President -RRB- : Born Feb. 12 , 1809 , in a one -room log cabin in Hodgenville , Ky. , in rolling hills in the central part of the state .	0
Who was President Cleveland 's wife ?	Andrew Johnson -LRB- 17th President -RRB- : Born Dec. 29 , 1808 , in the kitchen of an inn where his parents worked in Raleigh , N.C .	0
Who was President Cleveland 's wife ?	Ulysses S. Grant -LRB- 18th President -RRB- : Born April 27 , 1822 , in a one -room , 16x19-foot home in Point Pleasant , Ohio , overlooking the Ohio River .	0
Who was President Cleveland 's wife ?	Grover Cleveland -LRB- 22nd and 24th President -RRB- : Born March 18 , 1837 , in the parsonage of the First Presbyterian Church in Caldwell , N.J. , where his father was a minister .	0
Who was President Cleveland 's wife ?	Theodore Roosevelt -LRB- 26th President -RRB- : Born Oct. 27 , 1858 , in a Manhattan townhouse .	0
Who was President Cleveland 's wife ?	Woodrow Wilson -LRB- 28th President -RRB- : Born at about midnight , leaving the date in doubt , Dec. 28 or 29 , 1856 , in a Presbyterian manse in Staunton , Va .	0
Who was President Cleveland 's wife ?	The reception center exhibits items from Wilson 's life as educator , statesman and President .	0
Who was President Cleveland 's wife ?	Harry Truman -LRB- 33rd President -RRB- : Born May 8 , 1884 , in Lamar , Mo .	0
Who was President Cleveland 's wife ?	John F. Kennedy -LRB- 35th President -RRB- : Born May 29 , 1917 , in a wood frame house in Brookline , Mass. , a suburb of Boston .	0
Who was President Cleveland 's wife ?	Richard Nixon -LRB- 37th President -RRB- : Born Jan. 9 , 1913 , in a small frame house in Yorba Linda , Calif .	0
Who was President Cleveland 's wife ?	Gerald R. Ford -LRB- 38th President -RRB- : Born July 14 , 1913 , in Omaha , Neb .	0
Who was President Cleveland 's wife ?	Ronald Reagan -LRB- 40th President -RRB- : Born Feb. 6 , 1911 , in an apartment above a bakery at 111 S. Main St. in Tampico , Ill .	0
Who was President Cleveland 's wife ?	George Bush -LRB- 41st President -RRB- : Born June 12 , 1924 , in a house at 173 Adams St. in Milton , Mass .	0
How much did Manchester United spend on players in 1993 ?	They have been distorted by smaller crowds in 1993 , a year when the club spent Pounds 4m on players .	1
How much did Manchester United spend on players in 1993 ?	Manchester United yesterday announced a sharp increase in full year profits as the Premiership champions benefited from increasingly lucrative non-footballing activities .	0
How much did Manchester United spend on players in 1993 ?	To ensure success in Europe , the club will have to spend more on English players - denting future profits .	0
How much did Manchester United spend on players in 1993 ?	Payments to such players last year pushed staff costs up to Pounds 11.1m -LRB- Pounds 7.59m -RRB- , a figure likely to increase .	0
How much could you rent a Volkswagen bug for in 1966 ?	Caruso , 65 , founded Dollar in Los Angeles in 1966 by renting Volkswagens for $ 1 a day , and he remains its sole owner .	1
How much could you rent a Volkswagen bug for in 1966 ?	When Dollar Rent-a-Car opened in 1966 , you could rent a Volkswagen bug for $ 1 a day .	1
How much could you rent a Volkswagen bug for in 1966 ?	However , industry analysts said Aldous may find himself in a bidding war for prime local companies with Hertz and Avis , the largest firm in Europe with $ 1 billion in revenue .	0
How much could you rent a Volkswagen bug for in 1966 ?	Dollar Rent A Car Systems said Friday that a large British car rental firm has agreed to open Dollar franchises overseas and that the move will eventually double Dollar 's revenue .	0
How much could you rent a Volkswagen bug for in 1966 ?	Aldous said Swan , with revenue of about $ 140 million last year , expects to move into continental Europe quickly by acquiring successful locally owned car rental companies .	0
What country is the biggest producer of tungsten ?	China dominates world tungsten production and has frequently been accused of dumping tungsten on western markets .	1
What country is the biggest producer of tungsten ?	Then China , now the world 's biggest producer , continued to pump large quantities of the metal into export markets .	1
What country is the biggest producer of tungsten ?	Even in China , the world 's biggest producer , mine production has more than halved since the late 1980s to less than 20,000 tonnes in 1993 .	1
What country is the biggest producer of tungsten ?	Despite the fact that investment by Japanese companies in these regions is still rather limited , the banks are now seriously considering where to set up offices in China 's interior areas .	0
What country is the biggest producer of tungsten ?	China To Authorize Japanese Banks To Use Yuan - Japanese banks will be authorized to use the Chinese yuan , but initially only for deposit-taking functions , according to the 8 March NIKKEI KINYU SHIMBUN .	0
What country is the biggest producer of tungsten ?	China accounts for `` just under 70 percent `` of Toshiba 's exports , NIKKEI SANGYO notes .	0
What country is the biggest producer of tungsten ?	-LRB- Guangzhou NANFANG RIBAO 13 Feb 94 p 1 -RRB- Outlook for Auto Industry in 1994 - China produced 1,280 , 000 cars in 1993 , fulfilling 116.4 percent of the annual plan .	0
What country is the biggest producer of tungsten ?	At the end of 1993 , China possessed 8,200 , 000 vehicles , but about 1 million old vehicles need to be scrapped or replaced .	0
What country is the biggest producer of tungsten ?	China plans to replace 250,000 vehicles in 1994 , mainly mid-size freight cars and sedans .	0
What country is the biggest producer of tungsten ?	China has adopted severe measures to crack down on car smuggling , reorganize border and barter trade , and limit imports .	0
What country is the biggest producer of tungsten ?	Shanghai now has 26 foreign financial companies , the largest number in China .	0
What country is the biggest producer of tungsten ?	Forty four of China 's 500 joint ventures with the highest sales volumes are located in Shanghai .	0
What country is the biggest producer of tungsten ?	The role of PRC -funded firms in stoking the Hong Kong real estate market has attracted the scrutiny of Chen Yuan , vice president of the People 's Bank of China and son of elder leader Chen Yun .	0
What country is the biggest producer of tungsten ?	Chen Yuan also noted that the People 's Bank of China was not paying any special attention to the issue .	0
What country is the biggest producer of tungsten ?	He also said that Guangdong should try to attract more foreign banks and China -funded banks in Hong Kong and Macao to set up branches in the province .	0
What country is the biggest producer of tungsten ?	Zhu requested the head office of the People 's Bank of China to consider easing the number of foreign banks allowed into Guangzhou .	0
What country is the biggest producer of tungsten ?	Zhu WanIi , governor of the Guangdong branch of the People 's Bank of China , said that Guangdong should make better use of the fund management experience and skills of Hong Kong and Macao .	0
What country is the biggest producer of tungsten ?	China mainly imports steel , coal , wool , gold , and raw materials from South Africa and exports textiles and electrical goods .	0
What country is the biggest producer of tungsten ?	Yukong has a long-term agreement to import 10,000 barrels of oil per day from China .	0
What country is the biggest producer of tungsten ?	On 10 March , the China Post and Telecommunications Equipment Company , the Heilongjiang Provincial Post and Telecommunications Bureau , and a German company jointly signed this contract .	0
What country is the biggest producer of tungsten ?	This large-scale and pluralistic grouping trend in Taiwan 's investment in China will continue .	0
What country is the biggest producer of tungsten ?	Sakurai maintains that one uncertainty regarding investment in Hainan is `` deep-seated opposition '' to promoting trade with China among Taiwanese governmental officials .	0
What country is the biggest producer of tungsten ?	A recent article in a Seoul journal features the views of two experts on North Korea on the DPRK 's interest in China 's reforms and the prospect for change in North Korea .	0
What country is the biggest producer of tungsten ?	SISA also reports the views of Ho Mun-yong , a prominent researcher at the National Unification Research Institute , regarding North Korea 's outlook on China 's reforms .	0
What country is the biggest producer of tungsten ?	Seoul is backing its drive into China -with a full range of direct and indirect subsidies designed to give ROK firms an advantage over competitors .	0
What country is the biggest producer of tungsten ?	The paper reports that the former fund is supporting China investors this year with some $ 50 million , and that the figure will grow to $ 5 billion by 1996 .	0
What country is the biggest producer of tungsten ?	At present , there are nine China -related deferred payment applications with a total value of $ 1.2 billion , according to the report .	0
What country is the biggest producer of tungsten ?	MOTIE intends to `` accelerate '' this by making China `` the main target for deferred payment export financing . ''	0
What country is the biggest producer of tungsten ?	MOTIE considers it `` urgent '' that South Korea build its own distribution network in China and is working on a plan to accomplish this , according to MKS .	0
What country is the biggest producer of tungsten ?	In the automotive sector , TONGA ILBO reports MOTIE wants to export finished cars to China , in addition to producing them locally .	0
What country is the biggest producer of tungsten ?	The 19 February MKS reports on how South Korean conglomerates are gearing up for large investments in China in anticipation of government support for increased involvement .	0
What country is the biggest producer of tungsten ?	China 's involvement on some level is being considered to facilitate overseas sales .	0
What country is the biggest producer of tungsten ?	Currently , steel firms import 4-5,000 tons of North Korean pig iron each year via China .	0
What country is the biggest producer of tungsten ?	The moves are also expected to be a `` direct blow '' to ROK exports into China .	0
What country is the biggest producer of tungsten ?	While China 's reform measures bring its trade system in line with international standards , they also seem to reveal China 's intention to curb imports .	0
What country is the biggest producer of tungsten ?	The exchange rate adjustment and tax measures will act like a `` double trap '' to ROK exports to China .	0
What country is the biggest producer of tungsten ?	ROK firms that manufacture in China and export to third countries will see their competitiveness rise .	0
What country is the biggest producer of tungsten ?	Korea Tungsten , founded in 1916 as an exporter of tungsten ore , has recently focused on manufacturing processed products as China has emerged as the biggest supplier of the metal .	0
What country is the biggest producer of tungsten ?	Koryo Zinc is also promoting development of lead and zinc mines in China .	0
What country is the biggest producer of tungsten ?	KODECO also established a joint venture with the Forestry Bureau of Shanhe Village , Heilongjiang Province , China .	0
What country is the biggest producer of tungsten ?	Chairman Kim U-chung and other Daewoo managers will visit China soon to finish negotiations- and the project will be announced officially after approval is obtained from both governments .	0
What country is the biggest producer of tungsten ?	-LRB- Seoul THE KOREA HERALD 10 Mar 94 p 8 -RRB- Daewoo Car Audio Plant in Tianjin Begins Operations - Daewoo Electronics expects to put its car audio plant in Tianjin , China into full operation on 11 March .	0
What country is the biggest producer of tungsten ?	Baharudin said that five countries are vying for the Asia-Pacific region 's LNG market , which is currently concentrated in Japan , south Korea , and Taiwan , with China and Thailand surfacing as potential markets .	0
What country is the biggest producer of tungsten ?	There are market rumours that Chinese mines are at a standstill because Russia , previously the biggest consumer of the metal and which imported more than 5,000 tonnes a year from China , has stopped buying .	0
What country is the biggest producer of tungsten ?	Mr Michael Maby , secretary-general of the association , said yesterday : 'On paper the market looks in balance but any increase in demand can be supplied by China very cheaply indeed ' .	0
What country is the biggest producer of tungsten ?	They include China , the biggest producer , which represents over 60 per cent of world trade ; Russia , which ranks second in production ; and the three biggest importers , the US , Germany and Japan .	0
What country is the biggest producer of tungsten ?	Today the ATPC faces its greatest challenge because after much persuasion China joined in April this year .	0
What country is the biggest producer of tungsten ?	China agreed to limit its tin exports in 1994 to 20,000 tonnes .	0
What country is the biggest producer of tungsten ?	The official China Daily reported at the beginning of this month that in the first half alone the country exported 24,700 tonnes , a 33 per cent increase on the same months of 1993 .	0
What country is the biggest producer of tungsten ?	The China Daily also reported that the Chinese government would tighten up on tin exports in the second half of this year .	0
What country is the biggest producer of tungsten ?	CRU 's Mr Madavo expects China 's refined tin exports to slow in the second half of this year but the 1994 total will probably exceed the 32,000 - 33,000 tonnes exported last year .	0
What country is the biggest producer of tungsten ?	China also ships out tin in concentrate -LRB- an intermediate material -RRB- and , when this is taken into account , the export total could rise to 40,000 - 45,000 tonnes .	0
What country is the biggest producer of tungsten ?	This is the third such agreement the BOT has concluded with a south or Central American country , but is the first such agreement by any Japanese bank with Colombia .	0
What country is the biggest producer of tungsten ?	-LRB- Chongqing XINAN JINGJI RIBAO 6 Feb 94 p 1 -RRB- Guangzhou Per Capita GDP Highest in PRC - Guangzhou City 's per capita GDP in 1993 was 11,490 renminbi , leading the country for the second successive year .	0
What country is the biggest producer of tungsten ?	The Zhengzhou Wholesale Grain Market , since its inception , has had a business volume of 4.1 million tonnes and its prices have become the benchmark for the grain business throughout the country .	0
What country is the biggest producer of tungsten ?	This is the biggest venture involving South Korea since diplomatic ties were established in 1992 .	0
What country is the biggest producer of tungsten ?	However , in 1991 , the government changed directions by making Najin and Sonbong free trade zones and is now planning to do the same in other areas of the country , according to South Korean press reports .	0
What country is the biggest producer of tungsten ?	Samsung meanwhile has built the country 's first `` Industrial Business Research Institute `` which will train employees in overseas business practices while doubling as a commercial intelligence collection facility .	0
What country is the biggest producer of tungsten ?	The decision to upgrade its status and facilities was made to attract better students and to integrate the south into the country 's S and T network .	0
What country is the biggest producer of tungsten ?	Expenses incurred entering and leaving the country -LRB- airfare and personal expenses , etc. -RRB- b .	0
What country is the biggest producer of tungsten ?	An article in the 11 February BALITA reports that just as the philippines feels `` left out of booming southeast Asia , '' its southern island of Mindanao feels `` left out of the rest of the country . ''	0
What country is the biggest producer of tungsten ?	The Mittersill mine in Austria , previously one of the western world 's biggest producers with an output of about 1,400 tonnes a year , has been put on a 'care and maintenance ' basis this month .	0
When was London 's Docklands Light Railway constructed ?	As it turned out , when it opened in 1987 the Docklands Light Railway did not include any street running .	1
When was London 's Docklands Light Railway constructed ?	Built in the 1980s for Pounds 77m , the Docklands Light Railway is being extended and upgraded at a cost of Pounds 800m to increase capacity and improve reliability .	1
When was London 's Docklands Light Railway constructed ?	Mr Malcolm Hutchinson , DLR managing director , is determined to avoid the breakdowns and delays which followed the opening of the first 7 1/2 miles of the railway in 1987 .	1
When was London 's Docklands Light Railway constructed ?	But the fact that London Transport - the premier urban transport operator in the country - had been thinking about street-running tramways in the early 1980s altered perceptions of the idea elsewhere in the country .	0
When was London 's Docklands Light Railway constructed ?	By the late 1980s , with construction underway on the Manchester system , cities and towns throughout the UK began to see the modern tram as the solution to their transport ills .	0
When was London 's Docklands Light Railway constructed ?	THE OPENING of the Manchester light rail system sees trams finally return to the streets of Britain 's great cities .	0
When was London 's Docklands Light Railway constructed ?	After the Second World War the notion of street-running of railway systems was seen as cumbersome and intrusive , and trams were replaced by motor buses in one city after another .	0
When was London 's Docklands Light Railway constructed ?	The opening of the new era of the tram in Britain can be dated to a 1982 report into the options for a new railway to regenerate the London Docklands .	0
When was London 's Docklands Light Railway constructed ?	They proposed a new light rail system for east London which would feature street running , including a stretch down the busy Mile End Road .	0
When was London 's Docklands Light Railway constructed ?	By early 1990 , 50 UK towns either had firm plans or were considering proposals for a street-running light rail system , with towns as small as Gloucester and Chatham hankering after modern trams .	0
When was London 's Docklands Light Railway constructed ?	However , the government has indicated that the taxpayer can afford to start one new light rail project each year , so some of the larger UK cities now have a real chance of regaining their trams .	0
When was London 's Docklands Light Railway constructed ?	Next in the queue is Birmingham , which has ambitious plans for a light rail network extending to 200km .	0
When was London 's Docklands Light Railway constructed ?	Detailed planning is underway on the first 21km route , which will use an old railway alignment between the centre of Birmingham and Wolverhampton - 1995 is the best bet for an opening date .	0
When was London 's Docklands Light Railway constructed ?	The practice is being pioneered in Karlsruhe , Germany , where light rail vehicles already run on German Railways tracks .	0
When was London 's Docklands Light Railway constructed ?	One scheme that was a frontrunner in the British light rail race - but has slipped behind - is Bristol 's Avon Metro .	0
When was London 's Docklands Light Railway constructed ?	THE government may privatise London 's Docklands Light Railway by paying the private sector to take it over .	0
When was London 's Docklands Light Railway constructed ?	Government advisers are studying the move as one of the most likely options for getting the loss-making railway into private ownership .	0
When was London 's Docklands Light Railway constructed ?	The government is keen to press ahead with the plan because it wants the private sector to build a Pounds 130m extension of the Docklands Light Railway across the Thames to Lewisham in south-east London .	0
When was London 's Docklands Light Railway constructed ?	A straightforward sale or stock-market flotation of the railway is ruled out by the losses it makes , currently more than five times its Pounds 3m annual revenues .	0
When was London 's Docklands Light Railway constructed ?	But Ernst & Young believes the private sector could be offered a 'dowry ' to take the railway off the government 's hands .	0
When was London 's Docklands Light Railway constructed ?	Another option would be to franchise the operation of the railway to the company wanting the smallest subsidy to run it .	0
When was London 's Docklands Light Railway constructed ?	The railway 's performance , once notoriously unreliable , has improved sharply in the past few months under a new management team headed by Sir Peter Levene , former head of defence procurement at the Ministry of Defence .	0
When was London 's Docklands Light Railway constructed ?	Last week , Sir Peter announced that the railway was to pay Brown & Root , the US engineering group , Pounds 30m over the next three years to get the railway running smoothly and cut its costs .	0
When was London 's Docklands Light Railway constructed ?	Mr Eric Anstey , Ernst & Young 's director of privatisation and utilities services , said the railway could become profitable next decade if the property market recovered and the Lewisham extension was built .	0
When was London 's Docklands Light Railway constructed ?	For the past eight months the automatic , driverless trains of London 's Docklands Light Railway have been shuttling along a new five-mile extension to the suburb of Beckton .	0
When was London 's Docklands Light Railway constructed ?	The trains have been operating without passengers as software and signalling systems controlling the railway have been tested .	0
When was London 's Docklands Light Railway constructed ?	This was partly because it was designed when Docklands was still planned as an area of housing and light industry and before the building of Canary Wharf turned it into a high-rise office centre .	0
When was London 's Docklands Light Railway constructed ?	The Beckton extension will bring a large part of east London within easy reach of the line and take the railway within a few hundred yards of the City airport .	0
When was London 's Docklands Light Railway constructed ?	In a hangover from the poor transport planning which has bedevilled Docklands development , there will still be no station in the airport terminal .	0
When was London 's Docklands Light Railway constructed ?	By the end of this year the DLR expects to choose a private consortium to carry out a Pounds 100m extension of the railway across the Thames .	0
When was London 's Docklands Light Railway constructed ?	The Lewisham spur is due to be completed by 1997 , the year before the Pounds 1.9bn Jubilee Line extension provides a direct underground link between Docklands and the West End of London .	0
When was London 's Docklands Light Railway constructed ?	The Jubilee Line extension will increase the attractions of Docklands for office developers , but will at the same time steal many of the DLR 's customers who now come out from the City .	0
What two US biochemists won the Nobel Prize in medicine in 1992 ?	Two US biochemists , Edwin Krebs and Edmond Fischer , jointly won the 1992 Nobel Medicine Prize for work that could advance the search for an anti-cancer drug .	1
How long did the Charles Manson murder trial last ?	Juries in the nine-month 1970-71 trial of Manson and the three `` Manson girls '' and in Watson 's separate trial asked for vengeance in condemning them to death for first -degree murder and conspiracy .	1
How long did the Charles Manson murder trial last ?	He has a few minutes to arrange his papers for the latest in nearly 20 years of confrontations with Charles Milles Manson , mastermind of the peculiarly unforgettable mass murders that badly rattled California in August of 1969 .	0
How long did the Charles Manson murder trial last ?	Manson , led from his single cell in San Quentin 's Security Housing Unit , has waived his right to an attorney .	0
How long did the Charles Manson murder trial last ?	He is long past trying to ingratiate himself with the three -man Board of Prison Terms panel that will decide whether to grant him a future parole date .	0
How long did the Charles Manson murder trial last ?	Manson reaches the door behind which the hearing officers and Kay wait with two `` pool `` reporters and two television cameras .	0
How long did the Charles Manson murder trial last ?	New American Library late this year is publishing an updated edition of Ed Sanders ' 1972 book , `` The Family : The Story of Charles Manson 's Dune Buggy Attack Battalion . ''	0
How long did the Charles Manson murder trial last ?	At the Vacaville facility in 1981 , Manson warned Kay that he would be killed in the parking lot after the hearing .	0
How long did the Charles Manson murder trial last ?	At Manson 's 1986 evaluation , Kay asked why Manson spends hours in his cell constructing scorpions out of thread from his socks .	0
How long did the Charles Manson murder trial last ?	Manson , the razor-sliced swastika in his forehead emphasized in blue-black ink , took the bait .	0
How long did the Charles Manson murder trial last ?	`` From the world of darkness I did loose demons and devils in the power of scorpions to torment , '' he announced .	0
How long did the Charles Manson murder trial last ?	This year , a moment before he is to enter the hearing room , Manson abruptly decides that he is having none of this legally mandated but manifestly futile ritual .	0
How long did the Charles Manson murder trial last ?	With Manson in absentia for the third time in his nine hearings , Stephen Kay , a 22-year veteran at the D.A. 's	0
How long did the Charles Manson murder trial last ?	The trial was a combination of fascination and revulsion , like a snake with its tail in its mouth .	0
How long did the Charles Manson murder trial last ?	A previous tenant there , Terry Melcher , the record- producer son of actress Doris Day , had snubbed Manson and his musical ambitions a year earlier .	0
How long did the Charles Manson murder trial last ?	Prominent as some of the victims were , Manson immediately surpassed them in public interest .	0
How long did the Charles Manson murder trial last ?	Kay recalls , `` With his picture on the cover of Life magazine -- that stare -- Manson was like everybody 's Freddy . ''	0
How long did the Charles Manson murder trial last ?	Manson has effectively surrendered , but the others are fighting seriously for freedom , using skilled lawyers .	0
How long did the Charles Manson murder trial last ?	The social rebellion of the '60s was carried to a horrible extreme in the depredations of Manson and his dropout `` family `` of acid habituees .	0
How long did the Charles Manson murder trial last ?	Kay considers Manson 's murders worse , different in kind .	0
How long did the Charles Manson murder trial last ?	Of the eight Manson `` family `` members convicted in the nine murders that law enforcement was able to establish , only one , Steve -LRB- Clem Tufts -RRB- Grogan , has been paroled .	0
How long did the Charles Manson murder trial last ?	He profited from showing the authorities where Shea 's previously undiscovered remains were buried near the Spahn Ranch , Manson 's dusty Chatsworth base .	0
How long did the Charles Manson murder trial last ?	AT SAN QUENTIN , a month before Manson is transferred to the new maximum-security Corcoran facility in the San Joaquin Valley , Kay 's argument runs 27 minutes .	0
How long did the Charles Manson murder trial last ?	Atkins , Manson and 22 others coincidentally had been rounded up in mid-October at their Death Valley retreat and booked for unrelated arson and auto thefts .	0
How long did the Charles Manson murder trial last ?	Kay tells the board that Manson has `` a serious and severe personality disorder , '' although the prison psychologist 's latest report maintained that Manson `` is not psychotic and probably never was and never will be . ''	0
How long did the Charles Manson murder trial last ?	`` Mr. Manson remains locked in an Armageddon with society , '' he tells the somber commissioners , as if summing up to a jury hooked on TV courtroom drama .	0
How long did the Charles Manson murder trial last ?	Society has a slim advantage now because we have Manson behind bars .	0
How long did the Charles Manson murder trial last ?	Manson is probably the best advertisement that California ever had for the death penalty , because , frankly , as long as Mr. Manson is alive , he is a great danger . ''	0
How long did the Charles Manson murder trial last ?	Minutes later , the board votes Manson another three-year denial .	0
How long did the Charles Manson murder trial last ?	Manson gets a fair number of letters and gifts from young people who idolize him as the ultimate outsider .	0
How long did the Charles Manson murder trial last ?	Outside the prison gate during the hearing , two young San Francisco men in black paramilitary uniforms , accompanied by three women , carry signs supporting Manson .	0
How long did the Charles Manson murder trial last ?	Of all the figures in the story , only Kay has stayed with the Manson case -- unless , with some irony , one counts his elected boss since 1984 , District Attorney Ira Reiner .	0
How long did the Charles Manson murder trial last ?	As a private lawyer , Reiner lobbied Manson for a place on the high-profile defense team .	0
How long did the Charles Manson murder trial last ?	Reiner represented Van Houten for eight early months but proved too independent-minded for Manson , who persuaded Van Houten to fire him .	0
How long did the Charles Manson murder trial last ?	Kay went on to prosecute Bruce Davis , an accomplice of Manson and Grogan , to a life sentence for the Shea murder .	0
How long did the Charles Manson murder trial last ?	Reinforced by Dino Fulgoni , the office expert on the since-outlawed `` diminished capacity '' defense , Kay recovered with a 1978 third- trial guilty verdict .	0
How long did the Charles Manson murder trial last ?	When Lynette -LRB- Squeaky -RRB- Fromme aimed a pistol at President Ford in Sacramento in 1975 , Kay confidently told reporters that Manson had ordered the assault -- a theory never established .	0
How long did the Charles Manson murder trial last ?	He prepares for the sessions as if there were an imminent prospect of the concededly shattered Manson group reuniting for its predawn `` creepy-crawl '' missions .	0
How long did the Charles Manson murder trial last ?	If Kay respects any of these convicts , it is Manson .	0
How long did the Charles Manson murder trial last ?	`` Manson 's just himself , '' he says .	0
How long did the Charles Manson murder trial last ?	`` It 's an attempt by him to grab the limelight , '' says Paul Fitzgerald , who represented Krenwinkel at trial and Van Houten at early parole hearings .	0
How long did the Charles Manson murder trial last ?	CHARLES MANSON , born illegitimate in Cincinnati , was placed by an uncaring mother with a series of foster parents .	0
How long did the Charles Manson murder trial last ?	On parole , Manson gravitated to San Francisco 's pulsating Haight-Ashbury district .	0
How long did the Charles Manson murder trial last ?	In contrast to Manson and his raggedy gang of 25 hard-core members and 60 `` associates , '' Stephen Kay has never experienced anything but mainstream stability .	0
How long did the Charles Manson murder trial last ?	-LRB- Kay wanted to write a book on the Bittaker trial with his mother , but unlike Bugliosi he dropped his book idea , claiming that publishers demanded too much gore . -RRB-	0
How long did the Charles Manson murder trial last ?	Not originally assigned to the Manson trial , he read the start of Linda Kasabian 's hair-raising 17 days of turncoat testimony when he was in a Northern California coffee shop on a vacation drive to Canada .	0
How long did the Charles Manson murder trial last ?	Then , District Attorney Evelle Younger kicked chief trial deputy Aaron Stovitz off the case for violating an order against news comments .	0
How long did the Charles Manson murder trial last ?	`` Little did I know when I got back from vacation , '' says Kay , `` that in 1989 I 'd still be talking about this case . ''	0
How long did the Charles Manson murder trial last ?	system of a luxury New York department store a few months after Manson 's arrest .	0
How long did the Charles Manson murder trial last ?	`` It captured everybody 's imagination in our generation , '' says Krenwinkel 's trial lawyer Paul Fitzgerald , now 51 .	0
How long did the Charles Manson murder trial last ?	`` Average people do not believe there is the type of human being like Manson , '' says Musich .	0
How long did the Charles Manson murder trial last ?	`` Of course , '' he says , `` you ca n't close the book on the Manson phenomenon without saying something about LSD .	0
How long did the Charles Manson murder trial last ?	`` It could happen again , '' West recognizes , defining the Manson group as a `` totalist cult . ''	0
How long did the Charles Manson murder trial last ?	Manson 's followers , says West , were enthralled by their leader 's race-war delusions not only because of impairment by drugs but because of the group 's twisted internal dynamics .	0
How long did the Charles Manson murder trial last ?	`` The Manson clan , '' says Kay , `` was a group of misfits that just came together kind of at the wrong place and the wrong time .	0
How long did the Charles Manson murder trial last ?	You had hippie communes and peace marchers , but you never had the violence and lust for murder that were demonstrated by Manson and the family . ''	0
How long did the Charles Manson murder trial last ?	`` When Sharon was begging for her life , '' she asks , `` what compassion did Watson and Susan Atkins give to her ?	0
How long did the Charles Manson murder trial last ?	Or , possibly Manson 's own mental illness , as others have speculated ?	0
How long did the Charles Manson murder trial last ?	But , according to others , life at the make-believe world of Spahn Movie Ranch in the Santa Susana Pass , where the Manson Family settled in late 1968 , was n't all that magical .	0
How long did the Charles Manson murder trial last ?	Manson handed out LSD , directed group sex and sent his followers to steal , later to kill .	0
How long did the Charles Manson murder trial last ?	To retired Superior Court Judge Charles H. Older , 71 , who presided at the trial , Manson 's `` twisted philosophy '' supplied direction to people without it .	0
How long did the Charles Manson murder trial last ?	Manson and his co-defendants were all sentenced to death , but were spared when the state Supreme Court overturned capital punishment , which has since been reinstated .	0
How long did the Charles Manson murder trial last ?	Manson , now 54 , and the others have repeatedly sought parole from their life prison sentences without success .	0
Who was the first Taiwanese President ?	Taiwan President Li Teng-hui went on a `` holiday diplomacy '' tour during the Spring Festival season .	1
Who was the first Taiwanese President ?	He indirectly warned against inviting Taiwanese President Li Teng -hui to Tokyo saying that `` the Taiwan question has always been a very sensitive matter '' between Japan and China .	1
Who was the first Taiwanese President ?	Taiwanese President Li Teng -hui Friday met his Indonesian counterpart Suharto during a lunch kept under tight wraps , a source here said .	1
Who was the first Taiwanese President ?	The Chinese Embassy in Bangkok yesterday continued to show Peking 's `` concern `` about the private visit to Thailand of Taiwanese President Li Teng -hui next week .	1
Who was the first Taiwanese President ?	Taiwanese President Li Teng -hui and Indonesian President Suharto discussed economic relations between the two countries , which have no diplomatic ties , a newspaper here said Saturday .	1
Who was the first Taiwanese President ?	Taiwan President Li Teng-hui , his wife , and 40 businessmen arrived in Phuket Province late this morning on a private vacation .	1
Who was the first Taiwanese President ?	Taiwan President Li Teng-hui , who arrived as a tourist , was welcomed only by Taiwanese businessmen at the airport .	1
Who was the first Taiwanese President ?	Taiwan President Li Teng-hui , accompanied by his wife and a 40 -member delegation , arrived in Phuket on Valentine 's Day .	1
Who was the first Taiwanese President ?	Deputy Prime Minister Amnuai Wirawan played golf with visiting Taiwanese President Li Teng -hui in Phuket yesterday and described the meeting as a private one without political implications .	1
Who was the first Taiwanese President ?	Labor and Social Welfare Minister Phaithun Kaeothong has denied a report that he is scheduled to hold talks on economic and investment issues with Taiwan President Li Teng-hui , who is on a vacation in Thailand .	1
Who was the first Taiwanese President ?	The private visit of Taiwanese President Li Teng-hui has triggered strong reaction from the Chinese Government .	1
Who was the first Taiwanese President ?	Prime Minister Chuan Likphai yesterday hit back at China for having rapped Bangkok over a private visit by Taiwanese President Li Teng-hui , saying the president was not a persona non grata and had every right to enter Thailand .	1
Who was the first Taiwanese President ?	Taiwan President Li Teng-hui came to play golf , but those very unofficial , very private chats he had with top businessmen from three of China 's regional allies certainly roiled the waters .	1
Who was the first Taiwanese President ?	The so-called `` holiday diplomacy '' trip to Thailand by Taiwanese President Li Teng-hui , which ended on Wednesday , has prompted some tough questions here .	1
Who was the first Taiwanese President ?	A trusted economic adviser to President Li Teng-hui , Liang is the first native Taiwanese to fill the governor 's post .	1
Who was the first Taiwanese President ?	Although Mr Lee Teng -hui is the island 's first Taiwanese president , Mr Hau Pei -tsun , who as premier has effective day-to-day control over the island , and most of his senior cabinet are mainlanders .	1
Who was the first Taiwanese President ?	Today , Taiwan is a quasi democracy with its first Taiwanese , as opposed to Chinese , president in Lee Teng -hui .	1
Who was the first Taiwanese President ?	Taiwanese President Lee Teng -hui in a press conference yesterday again emphasised the need for mutual trust and recognition before these links are put into effect .	1
Who was the first Taiwanese President ?	The tourist killings played into the hands of President Lee Teng-hui , who is using the incident to further his agenda of getting the world to recognise Taiwan as an independent sovereign state , observers say .	1
Who was the first Taiwanese President ?	It is rumoured among Taipei politicians that shortly after Mr Lee became president following the death of Mr Chiang Ching -kuo in 1988 , opposition leaders asked him to seek formal Taiwanese independence from China .	1
Who was the first Taiwanese President ?	He is to meet Taiwanese President Lee Teng-hui , Mr Lien Chan , the premier , and other officials .	1
Who was the first Taiwanese President ?	Informed sources said that a recent `` restricted publication '' circulating among high-ranking cadres ran a commentary on Li Teng- hui 's `` holiday diplomacy . ''	0
Who was the first Taiwanese President ?	The sources continued : The CPC authorities showed grave concern over Li Teng-hui 's `` holiday diplomacy '' from the very beginning .	0
Who was the first Taiwanese President ?	There are political personalities in both the United States and Japan saying that Li Teng-hui 's `` holiday diplomacy '' is acceptable .	0
Who was the first Taiwanese President ?	Some think tanks based in big cities , such as the Institute for International Strategic Studies , have recently recommended tactics for dealing with Li Teng-hui 's `` holiday diplomacy , '' including short-term and long-term actions .	0
Who was the first Taiwanese President ?	It is believed that the shock caused by Li Teng-hui 's `` holiday diplomacy '' will spur the CPC to further review its new tactics for reunification .	0
Who was the first Taiwanese President ?	According to a Taiwan official source , Li Teng-hui hopes to drink `` coffee '' and meet informally with Prime Minister Chuan Likphai after the luncheon .	0
Who was the first Taiwanese President ?	The deputy prime minister and Li Teng-hui also had an informal luncheon meeting on the boat .	0
Who was the first Taiwanese President ?	Foreign Affairs Secretary Roberto Romulo expressed confidence yesterday China 's protest over the meeting between President Ramos and his Taiwanese counterpart , Li Teng-hui , will not harm long-term RP -LSB- Republic of the Philippines -RSB- - China bond .	0
Who was the first Taiwanese President ?	He denied that the meeting between Deputy Prime minister and Li Teng-hui was official , adding that the two did not discuss politics or economics .	0
Who was the first Taiwanese President ?	To use President Li Teng-hui 's own phrase , the KMT is `` re-opening an old store . ''	0
Who was the first Taiwanese President ?	Ranged on one side are Mr Lee 's supporters , the liberal mainstream faction , most of whom are native Taiwanese and who favour direct presidential elections .	0
Who was the first Taiwanese President ?	Ramos was also able to verify the date for the construction work to begin in the Taiwanese industrial zone within the Subic Bay .	0
Who was the first Taiwanese President ?	Li Kills Three Birds With One Stone by Carrying Out `` Holiday Diplomacy ``	0
Who was the first Taiwanese President ?	Host Countries Ignore China 's Objection	0
Who was the first Taiwanese President ?	Squadron Leader Prasong said the Taiwanese president arranged the trip to Thailand through the private sector and that there were no plans for him to meet Prime Minister Chuan Likphai or other Cabinet ministers .	0
Who was the first Taiwanese President ?	`` They -LSB- the Taiwanese -RSB- contacted the private sector , '' he said .	0
Who was the first Taiwanese President ?	According to informed sources , the Taiwanese president is accompanied by First Lady Cheng Wen -hui .	0
Who was the first Taiwanese President ?	The Taiwanese president flew to Bandung in West Java on Thursday where he played golf and visited the state-owned Nusantara National Aircraft Industry -LRB- IPTN -RRB- accompanied by its president , Research and Technology Minister Bacharudin Jusuf Habibie .	0
Who was the first Taiwanese President ?	The Taiwanese president will stay at the Pacific Island Club Hotel , where Amnuai will host a dinner reception for him tonight , the source said .	0
Who was the first Taiwanese President ?	Indonesia does not appear to pay much attention to China , as evidenced by the reception accorded by President Suharto to the Taiwanese president .	0
Who was the first Taiwanese President ?	By contrast , the Thai Government will not have any official part in the Taiwanese president 's visit .	0
Who was the first Taiwanese President ?	On behalf of the Thai Government , Foreign Minister Squadron Leader Prasong Sunsiri stated that Thailand firmly maintained the `` One China `` policy and that the government had nothing to do with the Taiwanese president 's visit .	0
Who was the first Taiwanese President ?	However , taking into account the national interests , there is no reason for Thailand to neglect economic relations which could grow as result of the Taiwanese president 's private visit .	0
Who was the first Taiwanese President ?	The invitation was extended to the Taiwanese president by the Thai private sector , and the visit was , therefore , not recognized by the government .	0
Who was the first Taiwanese President ?	Foreign Minister Squadron Leader Prasong Sunsiri said that no Thai cabinet ministers would meet the Taiwanese president either in their official or private capacities .	0
Who was the first Taiwanese President ?	-LSB- passage omitted -RSB- Asked if there was any possibility of the Taiwanese president discussing economic issues with economic ministers , Sqn .	0
Who was the first Taiwanese President ?	The spokesman said there was substantial business activity between Thais and Taiwanese , and that a large number of Thais were working in Taiwan .	0
Who was the first Taiwanese President ?	The daily JAKARTA POST said that Taiwanese Presidential Office spokesman Kramer Ting told journalists that Li and Suharto agreed that Indonesia and Taiwan should improve economic cooperation .	0
Who was the first Taiwanese President ?	Suharto also expressed appreciation for Taiwanese investment in Indonesia , the spokesman said .	0
Who was the first Taiwanese President ?	Asked to comment on the PRC Government 's dissatisfaction with countries who have welcomed the Taiwan president , Phaithun said that the Chinese Government should understand this issue well because China itself recognizes Taiwanese investment .	0
Who was the first Taiwanese President ?	-LSB- Phaithun -RSB- Mainland China itself recognizes Taiwanese investment .	0
Who was the first Taiwanese President ?	The note was issued after the Taiwanese president 's visit to Thailand , which took place between 14 and 16 February during which the Thai Government organized a reception in Phuket .	0
Who was the first Taiwanese President ?	The Thai Government , however , viewed the Taiwanese president 's visit as private to `` rest for three days to play golf . ''	0
Who was the first Taiwanese President ?	Meanwhile , Prime Minister Chuan Likphai told reporters that Thailand firmly abided by its one - China policy and that the Taiwanese president 's visit would not affect that policy .	0
Who was the first Taiwanese President ?	In any event , it was reported that on 16 February the king hosted a dinner for the Taiwanese president at Phuphing Palace , Chiang Mai Province .	0
Who was the first Taiwanese President ?	`` Everybody who is not persona non grata has the right to enter Thailand , just as the Dalai Lama has done , '' Chuan said his strongest statement yet on the Taiwanese president 's visit .	0
Who was the first Taiwanese President ?	-LSB- passage omitted -RSB- The prime minister said there was no agreement between Thailand and China to bar an unofficial visit by a Taiwanese president .	0
Who was the first Taiwanese President ?	Thailand and Taiwan have trade ties , and Taiwanese businessmen are the third largest investors here , second to Japan and the United States .	0
Who was the first Taiwanese President ?	-LSB- passage omitted -RSB- Elsewhere in Asean or the Indochinese states newly recovered from wars and needing massive foreign investment , Taiwanese businessmen always come in force and are invariably given a warm welcome .	0
Who was the first Taiwanese President ?	At this point no country , not even the United States , which helped separate the Korean peninsula , would put money on the Taiwanese side .	0
Who was the first Taiwanese President ?	In the Philippines , Taiwanese businessmen are keen to turn Subic Bay into an industrial zone , while Indonesia and Taiwanese investors are planning to build an aircraft factory in Bundung .	0
Who was the first Taiwanese President ?	A senior official said the visit to Thailand was a gain for the Taiwanese .	0
Who was the first Taiwanese President ?	-LSB- passage omitted -RSB- It is true Taiwanese investment in Thailand appears to have reached the saturation point .	0
Who was the first Taiwanese President ?	The choice of the Philippines and Indonesia as the first two stops shows where the priorities of Taiwanese investors lie .	0
Who was the first Taiwanese President ?	Board of Investment figures show that Taiwanese investment here has dropped from Bt -LSB- baht -RSB- 6.4 billion in 1991 to Bt5.96 billion in 1993 .	0
Who was the first Taiwanese President ?	When non- Taiwanese Provincial Governor Sung Ch 'u-yu -LSB- 1345 2806 2404 , James Soong -RSB- delivered his remarks , he spoke quite a bit of Taiwanese .	0
Who was the first Taiwanese President ?	He expressed the hope that all Taiwanese will further develop this spirit , and strive for even more glorious achievements .	0
Who was the first Taiwanese President ?	Why is it that for the first time in 21 years a non- Taiwanese was appointed Governor ?	0
Who was the first Taiwanese President ?	Why is it that this non-native Governor spoke in Taiwanese ?	0
Who was the first Taiwanese President ?	Why is it that in establishing the `` Taiwan People 's Federation , '' no attempt was made to sort out the non- Taiwanese from among the sponsors and supporters ?	0
Who was the first Taiwanese President ?	The issue of reunification versus independence is still to be fully debated , but on Taiwanese soil , the cries of `` Taiwan , Taiwan ! ''	0
Who was the first Taiwanese President ?	Opinion polls earlier this year showed that a majority of Taiwanese favoured direct election of the president , if only because it was simpler than other methods .	0
Who was the first Taiwanese President ?	Conservatives in the KMT also argue that direct election of a Taiwanese president would be a step closer to formal independence , and therefore unacceptable to Beijing , which has threatened military intervention should the island declare itself independent .	0
Who was the first Taiwanese President ?	Although most Taiwanese support the existing state of de facto independence , the campaign frightened people who believe China 's threat to use military force to reunify Taiwan if it seeks formal independence .	0
Who was the first Taiwanese President ?	According to opinion polls , most Taiwanese are happy with their present state of de facto independence and would welcome eventual reunification with a democratic China .	0
Who was the first Taiwanese President ?	But younger Taiwanese are less sure and are frustrated by Taiwan 's lack of international recognition .	0
Who was the first Taiwanese President ?	Taiwanese also resent the continuing grip on power held by descendants of mainlanders who fled to Taiwan in 1949 but make up less than 15 per cent of the population .	0
Who was the first Taiwanese President ?	'The line between Taiwanese and mainlanders is still very clear , ' said Mr Lin Yu-siong , a Taiwanese KMT legislator .	0
Who was the first Taiwanese President ?	This , broadly speaking , pits conservative mainlanders against more liberal Taiwanese party members .	0
Who was the first Taiwanese President ?	Although the Taiwanese are sure they do not want reunification with a communist China , they are uncertain how to improve the relationship without radical changes in China 's ideological position .	0
Who was the first Taiwanese President ?	But it has been criticised for being hastily drawn up and likely to add to inflation , which is heading for 4 - 5 per cent - high by Taiwanese standards .	0
Who was the first Taiwanese President ?	After registering almost no growth in 1990 , exports have recovered , helped by a stable new Taiwanese dollar and increasing exports to China .	0
Who was the first Taiwanese President ?	Exports to newly-built Taiwanese factories in China helped lift total trade with China 34 per cent to more than Dollars 4bn in the first seven months of this year .	0
Who was the first Taiwanese President ?	Even if China agreed to modify its non-recognition of Taiwanese sovereignty , Taiwan may delay lifting the three bans to squeeze further concessions from China at a later stage .	0
Who was the first Taiwanese President ?	During 1992 , more than 1.5m Taiwanese visited China , via a third country .	0
Who was the first Taiwanese President ?	In addition , a lobby of senior Taiwanese bankers were invited by Beijing to set up branches in the mainland , but this request was turned down by the Taiwanese government .	0
Who was the first Taiwanese President ?	Ironically Mr Y F Chang , Evergreen 's founder and chairman , is an avowed supporter of the opposition Democratic Progressive party , which endorses Taiwanese independence - an event which many still believe would trigger a Chinese invasion .	0
Who was the first Taiwanese President ?	This now pits 'a Taiwanese KMT against a Taiwanese DPP , ' says Mr Huang .	0
Who was the first Taiwanese President ?	'Many voters forgive him for everything as he 's the first Taiwanese president , but his dictatorial ways wo n't be tolerated forever , ' Mr Chao says .	0
Who was the first Taiwanese President ?	After seven years ' detente , the paper comes amid a sharp escalation in cross-strait tensions since the March 31 deaths of 24 Taiwanese tourists in China 's Zhejiang Province .	0
Who was the first Taiwanese President ?	While Taiwan business backs closer ties with China , most Taiwanese remain profoundly distrustful of Beijing 's leaders .	0
Who was the first Taiwanese President ?	A government -commissioned survey in late June found 12 per cent of Taiwanese support independence , 21 per cent support reunification , and 56 per cent prefer to maintain the status quo .	0
Who was the first Taiwanese President ?	Another reason not go is that Mr Murayama risks offending the Taiwanese by being in Beijing on October 10 , Taiwan 's politically sensitive national day .	0
Who was the leader of the Branch Davidian Cult confronted by the FBI in Waco , Texas in 1993 ?	Efforts to end the eight-day siege in Texas , US , by 400 FBI agents of a farm compound containing cult leader David Koresh and around 100 people , reached a stalemate .	1
Who was the leader of the Branch Davidian Cult confronted by the FBI in Waco , Texas in 1993 ?	Another child was released from the fortress in Waco , Texas , where cult leader David Koresh is refusing to surrender to federal agents who have been surrounding the site since a shoot-out on Sunday .	1
Who was the leader of the Branch Davidian Cult confronted by the FBI in Waco , Texas in 1993 ?	AP adds from Waco : The FBI yesterday denied responsibility for the Waco deaths and said Mr Koresh deliberately had his followers start the fire that killed them .	1
Who was the leader of the Branch Davidian Cult confronted by the FBI in Waco , Texas in 1993 ?	The cult leader , 33-year-old David Koresh , had 'lied ' as his last act , telling the FBI before the inferno that group 's children were safe in underground bunkers .	1
Who was the leader of the Branch Davidian Cult confronted by the FBI in Waco , Texas in 1993 ?	The compound housing an estimated 95 followers of religious zealot Mr David Koresh was destroyed after three fires were started by members of the cult , possibly with kerosene , according to the FBI .	1
Who was the leader of the Branch Davidian Cult confronted by the FBI in Waco , Texas in 1993 ?	A fire , which the White House said was deliberately started by followers of religious zealot Mr David Koresh , destroyed the compound where the cult members had been holed up .	1
Who was the leader of the Branch Davidian Cult confronted by the FBI in Waco , Texas in 1993 ?	There was no immediate indication of what happened to Mr Koresh , the religious leader who believes he is the incarnation of Jesus Christ .	1
Who was the leader of the Branch Davidian Cult confronted by the FBI in Waco , Texas in 1993 ?	In Waco , the blaze left the cult compound a smouldering ruin - a grim testimony to Mr Koresh 's claims to be a new Messiah come to warn the world that its end was near .	0
Who was the leader of the Branch Davidian Cult confronted by the FBI in Waco , Texas in 1993 ?	In the eyes of FBI spokesman Ricks , mass suicide was what Koresh wanted all along .	0
Who was the leader of the Branch Davidian Cult confronted by the FBI in Waco , Texas in 1993 ?	The FBI said it believed Mr Koresh ordered a mass suicide and that there had been 'massive loss of life ' .	0
Who was the leader of the Branch Davidian Cult confronted by the FBI in Waco , Texas in 1993 ?	Mr Koresh and all but nine of his followers were presumed dead .	0
Who was the leader of the Branch Davidian Cult confronted by the FBI in Waco , Texas in 1993 ?	One survivor was quoted as saying that , after the fires were lit , Mr Koresh advised his followers to 'relax ' because they would soon be seeing 'the face of God ' .	0
Who was the leader of the Branch Davidian Cult confronted by the FBI in Waco , Texas in 1993 ?	Only last week Mr Koresh warned FBI agents that they would be 'devoured ' by fire if they tried to harm him .	0
Who was the leader of the Branch Davidian Cult confronted by the FBI in Waco , Texas in 1993 ?	At the weekend Mr Koresh requested a word processor to enable him to record his revelations .	0
Who was the leader of the Branch Davidian Cult confronted by the FBI in Waco , Texas in 1993 ?	Seventeen children under 10 years old were believed to be inside the compound with Mr Koresh and his followers .	0
Who was the leader of the Branch Davidian Cult confronted by the FBI in Waco , Texas in 1993 ?	Mr Koresh last week disappointed federal agents by failing to surrender on weapons and other charges resulting from the raid , which left four agents dead , that began the stand-off .	0
Who was the leader of the Branch Davidian Cult confronted by the FBI in Waco , Texas in 1993 ?	Over the weekend Mr Koresh sent a request for a word processor to enable him to record his revelations .	0
Who was the leader of the Branch Davidian Cult confronted by the FBI in Waco , Texas in 1993 ?	Fresh material given to Panorama , a taped conversation between cult-leader David Koresh and his lawyer late in the siege , suggests that Koresh did not want mass-suicide .	0
Who was the leader of the Branch Davidian Cult confronted by the FBI in Waco , Texas in 1993 ?	Koresh explained that he was delaying until he had finished writing the revelations of the Twelfth Seal .	0
Who was the leader of the Branch Davidian Cult confronted by the FBI in Waco , Texas in 1993 ?	This the FBI dismissed as mere bluff , so Koresh 's deadline was literally that .	0
Who was the leader of the Branch Davidian Cult confronted by the FBI in Waco , Texas in 1993 ?	In a typically grandstanding address , he said he thought she should have tendered her resignation because of the Waco debacle , in which over 80 cult members died .	0
Who was the leader of the Branch Davidian Cult confronted by the FBI in Waco , Texas in 1993 ?	US Attorney General Janet Reno said last night she asked 'question after question ' before giving the go-ahead for the FBI action which ended in the fiery suicide of religious cult members in Waco , Texas .	0
Who was the leader of the Branch Davidian Cult confronted by the FBI in Waco , Texas in 1993 ?	The deaths confronted Ms Reno with a crisis just a month after being sworn in as the first woman attorney general in the US .	0
Who was the leader of the Branch Davidian Cult confronted by the FBI in Waco , Texas in 1993 ?	The crisis appeared to set the seal on the expected replacement of the embattled FBI director , Mr William Sessions .	0
Who was the leader of the Branch Davidian Cult confronted by the FBI in Waco , Texas in 1993 ?	Ms Reno said the FBI plan had been part of a 'coherent and continuing ' effort to bring a peaceful end to the 51-day siege of the cult group 's compound .	0
Who was the leader of the Branch Davidian Cult confronted by the FBI in Waco , Texas in 1993 ?	The FBI spokesman , Mr Bob Ricks said : 'Our desire was to get them out of there in a non-lethal , systematic manner . '	0
Who was the leader of the Branch Davidian Cult confronted by the FBI in Waco , Texas in 1993 ?	The FBI had acted with bravery , even refusing to return fire coming from the cult members , he said .	0
Who was the leader of the Branch Davidian Cult confronted by the FBI in Waco , Texas in 1993 ?	One FBI agent even left his vehicle to grab a burning woman and take her , against her will , to safety .	0
Who was the leader of the Branch Davidian Cult confronted by the FBI in Waco , Texas in 1993 ?	The FBI 's tear gas had 'absolutely nothing to do with the suicide , ' he said .	0
Who was the leader of the Branch Davidian Cult confronted by the FBI in Waco , Texas in 1993 ?	It was the cult leader , who gave the order to commit suicide .	0
Who was the leader of the Branch Davidian Cult confronted by the FBI in Waco , Texas in 1993 ?	He wanted to kill some FBI people first . '	0
Who was the leader of the Branch Davidian Cult confronted by the FBI in Waco , Texas in 1993 ?	EIGHT-SIX people were feared to have died in an apparent mass suicide yesterday when the 51-day siege of the Branch Davidian religious cult near Waco , Texas , ended in an inferno , writes Nancy Dunne in Washington .	0
Who was the leader of the Branch Davidian Cult confronted by the FBI in Waco , Texas in 1993 ?	The FBI said that among the nine survivors were an Australian and two of the 26 Britons believed by the Foreign Office to have been in the compound .	0
Who was the leader of the Branch Davidian Cult confronted by the FBI in Waco , Texas in 1993 ?	Attorney-general Janet Reno , who took responsibility for the FBI action , last night said the plan to move against the compound had appeared the best way to end the stand-off without bloodshed .	0
Who was the leader of the Branch Davidian Cult confronted by the FBI in Waco , Texas in 1993 ?	She absolved President Clinton of blame , saying he knew only generally of the plan , and added that the FBI had 'acted professionally and with remarkable restraint ' .	0
Who was the leader of the Branch Davidian Cult confronted by the FBI in Waco , Texas in 1993 ?	The blaze spread swiftly , punctuated by explosions - possibly from the cult 's ammunition stores .	0
Who was the leader of the Branch Davidian Cult confronted by the FBI in Waco , Texas in 1993 ?	It started several hours after the FBI rammed the compound with tanks and fired tear- gas in an attempt to end the siege .	0
Who was the leader of the Branch Davidian Cult confronted by the FBI in Waco , Texas in 1993 ?	By the time firemen arrived little was left of the cult 's large compound .	0
Who was the leader of the Branch Davidian Cult confronted by the FBI in Waco , Texas in 1993 ?	The incident appeared to echo the 1978 Jonestown massacre , where more than 800 people died in a mass suicide at a cult centre in the jungles of Guyana .	0
Who was the leader of the Branch Davidian Cult confronted by the FBI in Waco , Texas in 1993 ?	The charges resulted from a raid to confiscate weapons from the cult .	0
Who was the leader of the Branch Davidian Cult confronted by the FBI in Waco , Texas in 1993 ?	The raid began the stand-off and left four agents and several cult followers dead .	0
Who was the leader of the Branch Davidian Cult confronted by the FBI in Waco , Texas in 1993 ?	But the FBI was evidently no longer prepared to wait .	0
Who was the leader of the Branch Davidian Cult confronted by the FBI in Waco , Texas in 1993 ?	At 5.55am local time yesterday the cult was telephoned and informed that the FBI would begin to fire teargas into the compound .	0
Who was the leader of the Branch Davidian Cult confronted by the FBI in Waco , Texas in 1993 ?	THE 51-day siege of the Branch Davidian religious cult near Waco , Texas , ended in an inferno yesterday following an attempt by US law enforcement agents to halt the stand-off .	0
Who was the leader of the Branch Davidian Cult confronted by the FBI in Waco , Texas in 1993 ?	The White House said FBI agents were doing everything possible to rescue the 95 cult followers from the compound and that at least 20 people had left .	0
Who was the leader of the Branch Davidian Cult confronted by the FBI in Waco , Texas in 1993 ?	'They 're still pulling people out , ' a White House official said , adding that the FBI did not know how many would survive the fire .	0
Who was the leader of the Branch Davidian Cult confronted by the FBI in Waco , Texas in 1993 ?	FBI agents pulled out of the compound one reluctant woman who did not want to leave .	0
Who was the leader of the Branch Davidian Cult confronted by the FBI in Waco , Texas in 1993 ?	talk to the attorney-general or the FBI .	0
Who was the leader of the Branch Davidian Cult confronted by the FBI in Waco , Texas in 1993 ?	The blaze spread swiftly , punctuated by explosions - possibly from the cult 's vast ammunition stores .	0
Who was the leader of the Branch Davidian Cult confronted by the FBI in Waco , Texas in 1993 ?	The FBI was evidently no longer prepared to wait .	0
Who was the leader of the Branch Davidian Cult confronted by the FBI in Waco , Texas in 1993 ?	Mr Bob Ricks , the FBI agent in charge of the operation , said the teargas was fired to 'make them as uncomfortable as possible ' .	0
Who was the leader of the Branch Davidian Cult confronted by the FBI in Waco , Texas in 1993 ?	Anything but clear , as we were reminded by Panorama ; Sinful Messiah -LRB- BBC 1 , Monday -RRB- is whether the FBI were justified in mounting the assault on the Branch Davidian headquarters .	0
Who was the first American in space ?	There is an `` umbilical '' plug from the Freedom 7 spacecraft that carried Alan Shepard on a 15-minute suborbital flight in 1961 , making him the first American in space .	1
When did the Jurassic Period end ?	They flourished after the large dinosaurs that preceded them were exterminated 130 million years ago by an unknown environmental catastrophe , said Robert Bakker of the University of Colorado at Boulder .	1
When did the Jurassic Period end ?	During the late Jurassic Period , which extended up to 130 million years ago , the largest dinosaurs were well-known varieties such as the long-necked brontosaurus , the spike-backed stegosaurus and the fierce , carnivorous allosaurus .	1
When did the Jurassic Period end ?	`` This dramatic change in the evolutionary cast of characters -LRB- between the Jurassic and Cretaceous -RRB- is one of the most profound crises in dinosaur development , '' Bakker said .	0
When did the Jurassic Period end ?	The fossil bed indicates that the region was swampy and fern-choked at the end of the Jurassic .	0
When did the Jurassic Period end ?	Similar conditions prevailed at the end of the Cretaceous and at the end of the Permian period 250 million years ago , when another extinction occurred before dinosaurs existed .	0
When did the Jurassic Period end ?	But , noted geologist Walter Alvarez of UC Berkeley , there is `` overwhelming evidence '' that a cometary impact did occur at the end of the Cretaceous period .	0
When did the Jurassic Period end ?	The fossil strata also show that while large land animals died off , smaller aquatic species and reptiles did not .	0
When did the Jurassic Period end ?	Neither did the turtles .	0
When did the Jurassic Period end ?	In fact , the whole aquatic ecosystem bloomed and did fine .	0
When did Spain and Korea start ambassadorial relations ?	He was the first Spanish foreign minister ever to visit Seoul since the two countries entered ambassadorial relations in 1950 .	1
When did Spain and Korea start ambassadorial relations ?	The president especially thanked Minister Solana for the support his country , as a non-permanent member country of the U.N. Security Council , extended to South Korea over the North Korean nuclear issues .	0
When did Nixon visit China ?	China said Wednesday -LSB- 20 April -RSB- it hoped former US President Richard Nixon , whose historic 1972 visit here paved the way for the restoration of Sino - US ties , would recover soon from a severe stroke .	1
When did Nixon visit China ?	Nixon 's 1972 visit , during which he met with late chairman Mao Zedong , opened the door to the establishment of full Sino - US diplomatic relations seven years later .	1
When did Nixon visit China ?	Nixon is best remembered in China for his historic 1972 visit here which ended decades of mutual hostility and paved the way for the establishment of diplomatic relations seven years later .	1
When did Nixon visit China ?	Mr. Nixon was the first U.S. President after World War II to visit China 22 years ago .	1
When did Nixon visit China ?	His historic visit to China in 1972 must be the most eye-catching event .	1
When did Nixon visit China ?	Nixon 's visit to China 23 years ago opened up a new chapter in Sino-U.S. relations .	1
When did Nixon visit China ?	Yu recalled that there were no ties between China and the United States in 1972 , when former U.S. President Nixon and former U.S. Secretary of State Kissinger paid their visit to China .	1
When did Nixon visit China ?	More than 20 years have elapsed since Nixon 's world-shaking visit to China .	1
When did Nixon visit China ?	Only after Nixon visited China in 1972 did Japan normalize diplomatic relations with China .	1
When did Nixon visit China ?	Chinese President Jiang Zemin and Premier Li Peng praised Mr Nixon for his 1972 breakthrough visit to Beijing that began rapprochement between China and the US and for his efforts to improve relations even after he resigned .	1
When did Nixon visit China ?	After Nixon 's visit to China in the early 1970s , 40 U.S. cities established ties with municipalities there .	1
When did Nixon visit China ?	1972 : After Chinese and U.S. diplomatic feelers , President Richard Nixon visits Beijing in 1972 , launching Sino-U.S. reconciliation after years of hostility .	1
When did Nixon visit China ?	Starting with President Richard M. Nixon 's visit to China in February , 1972 , there have been seven Sino - American summits .	1
When did Nixon visit China ?	This began in earnest with Richard M. Nixon 's visit to , and subsequent recognition of , Communist China in 1972 .	1
When did Nixon visit China ?	1972 -- Nixon reelected in a landslide , defeating McGovern ; becomes first U.S. President to visit China while in office .	1
When did Nixon visit China ?	A member of the Nixon party who attended the meeting between Deng and the American leader who opened the door to China in 1972 characterized their conversation as a `` a very tough , no-holds-barred exchange . ''	1
When did Nixon visit China ?	In February , 1972 , he first went to China in the shadow of sagging popularity polls and uncertainty at home .	1
When did Nixon visit China ?	The president of U.S. fertilizer giant Cargill said here today that the United States should extend the most-favored-nation trade status -LRB- MFN -RRB- toward China this June .	0
When did Nixon visit China ?	Today 's seminar was sponsored by China 's Ministry of Agriculture , Cargill Fertilizer and the Potash and Phosphate Institute of Canada .	0
When did Nixon visit China ?	Former U.S. President Richard Nixon died of a major stroke at 2108 -LRB- EST -RRB- today at New York Hospital Cornell Medical Center at the age of 81 , reports reaching here said .	0
When did Nixon visit China ?	In November 1972 he was re-elected U.S. president until 9 August 1974 , when he was forced to resign in culmination of the Watergate scandal , thus becoming the only president in U.S. history to resign to avoid impeachment .	0
When did Nixon visit China ?	The former U.S. leader visited China in February 1972 and at the end of his visit , the Chinese and U.S. Governments issued the famous `` Shanghai Communique , '' opening the door to Sino-U.S. exchanges .	0
When did Nixon visit China ?	Today the U.S. Embassy was filled with a solemn silence .	0
When did Nixon visit China ?	He appeared at a welcoming banquet on the evening of February 21 , 1972 , and delivered a speech on behalf of the U.S. Government and the American people .	0
When did Nixon visit China ?	He was reelected president in 1972 , but was forced to resign and leave the White House in 1974 because of his involvement in the `` Watergate Affair . ''	0
When did Nixon visit China ?	In February 1972 , he and Premier Zhou Enlai signed a joint communique in Shanghai , thus opening the door to U.S. - Chinese relations .	0
When did Nixon visit China ?	In the last book he wrote , he said : `` Today , China 's economic power makes U.S. lectures about human rights imprudent .	0
When did Nixon visit China ?	In February 1976 , he revisited China as an ordinary citizen .	0
When did Nixon visit China ?	Although China 's strength in those days was much less impressive than it is today , China still resolutely and indomitably resisted and withstood strong external pressure .	0
When did Nixon visit China ?	Yu Xiaosong , vice minister of China 's State Economic and Trade Commission , said today that he is optimistic about the extension by the United States of most-favored-nation -LSB- MFN -RSB- status for China .	0
When did Nixon visit China ?	Then why should something be done to deadlock the relations today ? he asked .	0
When did Nixon visit China ?	If the ideological differences on human rights today lead to a retrogression in Sino-U.S. ties , it will be an adverse current in history .	0
When did Nixon visit China ?	If we had failed to adopt resolute measures five years ago , the steady situation in China today would be impossible .	0
When did Nixon visit China ?	-LRB- THE ECONOMIST 24 April 1993 -RRB- C. Government Development Aid Focusing On Asia Government development aid is an essential component of Japan 's foreign policy as well as a major tool of its foreign strategy .	0
When did Nixon visit China ?	4 -RRB- Regionalization and Rise of Economic Blocs The trends in the world economy today are regionalization and the formation of economic blocs .	0
When did Nixon visit China ?	His last visit was in April 1993 .	0
When did Nixon visit China ?	But Hanoi - where northern Vietnamese remember Mr Nixon as the man whose bombers pounded them in 1972 during the Vietnam War - officially closed its account with Mr Nixon with a terse five -word statement .	0
When did Nixon visit China ?	Despite such criticism , 10 years ago today , on Jan. 1 , 1979 , the Jimmy Carter Administration broke formal U.S. ties with Taiwan and established diplomatic relations with the People 's Republic of China .	0
When did Nixon visit China ?	Today there are 52 , and we have about 60 pending inquiries , '' Gittins said .	0
When did Nixon visit China ?	And , as is still true today , when their hamlets grew too large , they moved further away from Los Angeles to even more rural residences .	0
When did Nixon visit China ?	George McGovern Democratic nominee for President , 1972	0
When did Nixon visit China ?	June 17 , 1972 -- Political burglars later linked with the Committee to Re -Elect the President are arrested during a break-in at Washington 's Watergate complex .	0
When did Nixon visit China ?	`` Today , the battle I started to wage in 1946 when I first ran for Congress is not over .	0
When did Nixon visit China ?	`` As a result , '' he said , `` some Chinese now exhibit a distrust of the United States that is reminiscent of the period before 1972 .	0
When did Nixon visit China ?	We must not permit our real enemies -- misunderstanding , fruitless resentment , endless recrimination -- to close the door we opened with such high hopes 17 years ago . ''	0
When did Nixon visit China ?	Richard Nixon 's grand diplomacy of 1972 may account for his enduring stature as politician and President , but it is not a feat anyone , not even the master himself , is going to repeat .	0
When did Nixon visit China ?	China and United the States Are Still Deadlocked on the Human Rights Issue After winding up his trip to Beijing , U.S. Secretary of State Warren Christopher left Beijing to visit Russia .	0
When did Nixon visit China ?	During his short visit to China , Christopher again applied pressure on the human rights issue , but China remained tough .	0
When did Nixon visit China ?	`` Nixon is an old friend of the Chinese people .	0
When did Nixon visit China ?	`` We hope Mr. Nixon will recover soon , '' she said .	0
When did Nixon visit China ?	Nixon has since maintained close contacts with China , visiting the country several times .	0
When did Nixon visit China ?	Nixon suffered a major stroke at his New Jersey home at around supper time on April 18 , and he was soon rushed to the hospital .	0
When did Nixon visit China ?	Beginning Thursday -LSB- 21 April -RSB- afternoon , Nixon lapsed into a very deep coma .	0
When did Nixon visit China ?	In 1968 , Nixon was elected president of the United States over Democrat Hubert Humphrey and independent George Wallace and on 20 January 1969 , he was sworn in as the 37th president of the country .	0
When did Nixon visit China ?	Beginning this evening , flags in the capital Washington and the rest of the United States will fly at half -mast for 30 days to mourn Nixon 's death .	0
When did Nixon visit China ?	A Chinese delegation led by Foreign Minister Qian Qichen visited the U.S. Embassy Wednesday to pay its respects to former U.S. President Richard Nixon who died last week .	0
When did Nixon visit China ?	`` Nixon , when he was president of the United States , opened the door to Sino - US relations and made a valuable historical contribution .	0
When did Nixon visit China ?	Luo wrote a similar message , expressing his sympathy for Nixon 's relatives .	0
When did Nixon visit China ?	Wreaths `` expressing deep condolences '' from President Jiang Zemin , Premier Li Peng and vice premier in charge of the economy Zhu Rongji , surrounded the Nixon portrait .	0
When did Nixon visit China ?	Chinese Vice-Premier and Foreign Minister Qian Qichen offered his condolences here this morning on the unfortunate death of former U.S. President Richard Nixon , who made important contributions to the improvement and growth of Sino-U.S. ties .	0
When did Nixon visit China ?	A portrait of Nixon draped with black gauze was hung on the wall in the hall .	0
When did Nixon visit China ?	Qian and Luo slowly walked into the embassy and shook hands with U.S. Ambassador to China J. Stapleton Roy , expressing their deep condolences on Nixon 's death .	0
When did Nixon visit China ?	Qian 's inscription read , `` During the time he served as U.S. president , Mr. Nixon opened the door to Sino-U.S. relations and made historic contributions . ''	0
When did Nixon visit China ?	Luo 's inscription expressed his deep condolences and sent his best regards to Nixon 's family and relatives .	0
When did Nixon visit China ?	Nixon died of a major stroke on the evening of April 22 at the Cornell Medical Center in New York at the age of 81 .	0
When did Nixon visit China ?	The Chinese Vice Premier and Foreign Minister Mr. Qian Qichen and other officials went to the U.S. Embassy here this morning to express their condolences on the death of former U.S. President Mr. Richard M. Nixon .	0
When did Nixon visit China ?	Several Chinese leaders including Mr. Jiang Zemin , Mr. Li Peng , Mr. Zhu Rongji and Mr. Qian Qichen sent condolence messages to mourn Mr. Nixon 's death the day after the former president died .	0
When did Nixon visit China ?	Mr. Nixon said in his speech that the two countries were once enemies and they still harboured great differences .	0
When did Nixon visit China ?	At 2108 on 22 April 1994 , Richard Nixon , a contemporary U.S. statesman with deep strategic insight and a former U.S. President , passed away at New York Hospital -- Cornell Medical Center , after suffering a stroke .	0
When did Nixon visit China ?	Richard Nixon was born on 9 January 1913 in Yorba Linda , a small town near Los Angeles , California .	0
When did Nixon visit China ?	From 1946 onward , Nixon held the office of representative and senator , ran for governor , and was twice nominated Republican presidential candidate .	0
When did Nixon visit China ?	For eight years , from 1952 to 1960 , Nixon held the post of vice president under Eisenhower .	0
When did Nixon visit China ?	During his six-year presidency , Nixon fully displayed his deep insight as an international strategist and his courage and resourcefulness as a statesman .	0
When did Nixon visit China ?	Nixon had great respect for Mao Zedong .	0
When did Nixon visit China ?	Addressing a banquet during his first visit to China , he said : `` Chairman Mao once wrote : `So many deeds brook no delay !	0
When did Nixon visit China ?	After that , Nixon visited China many times .	0
When did Nixon visit China ?	Within a decade , it will make them rude -LSB- wu li 2477 4409 -RSB- -LSB- Nixon 's original wording is `` irrelevant '' -RSB- .	0
When did Nixon visit China ?	The `` Watergate Affair `` occurred in the United States when Nixon was playing an influential role in the international arena .	0
When did Nixon visit China ?	This was no doubt a formidable blow to Nixon .	0
When did Nixon visit China ?	Less than a month before his death , he braved severe cold to visit Moscow .	0
When did Nixon visit China ?	Nixon 's death has shocked the world .	0
When did Nixon visit China ?	Four living former U.S. presidents were highly appreciative of Nixon 's political life .	0
When did Nixon visit China ?	Gerald Ford said : `` Nixon was , if not the best , at least one of the best presidents in terms of foreign policy . ''	0
When did Nixon visit China ?	Former U.S. Secretary of State Kissinger had the following comments : Nixon was in fact an idealist , but at the same time he was also a realist .	0
When did Nixon visit China ?	From 27 April , Nixon will forever rest at his place of birth , Yorba Linda .	0
When did Nixon visit China ?	With Support From China , Create U.S. - Soviet Equilibrium -- Nixon , Mao Zedong Cooperate in Breaking Bipolar World	0
When did Nixon visit China ?	Nixon 's impact on international politics remains indelible , not because he was involved in the `` Watergate incident , '' but because he opened the door to Sino - U.S	0
When did Nixon visit China ?	This was the historical significance of Nixon 's visit to China .	0
When did Nixon visit China ?	On the grand stage of history , Nixon and Mao Zedong played a leading role together ; Kissinger and Zhou Enlai also played an important role .	0
When did Nixon visit China ?	Nixon mounted the political stage very early .	0
When did Nixon visit China ?	In 1968 , Nixon was elected as the 37th president of the United States .	0
When did Nixon visit China ?	When Nixon became the occupant of the White House , he faced a situation in which crises and opportunities existed side by side .	0
When did Nixon visit China ?	China did not yield to the United States , nor did it yield to the Soviet Union .	0
When did Nixon visit China ?	In 1969 , shortly after Nixon took office , he met with De Gaulle .	0
When did Nixon visit China ?	The French president told Nixon : `` You had better recognize China as soon as possible , and you should not recognize China after it becomes strong . ''	0
When did Nixon visit China ?	Nixon was deeply impressed by this advice .	0
When did Nixon visit China ?	After studying the new trend , Nixon found that Soviet threats against China showed that the Soviet Union had become more aggressive .	0
When did Nixon visit China ?	The above-mentioned factors show that Nixon had changed U.S. China policy due to many considerations , but the most important consideration was the long-term national interests of the United States .	0
When did Nixon visit China ?	The `` Cultural Revolution `` was a major mistake committed by Mao Zedong in his later years , but this does not mean that Mao did not make any major contributions to the country in his later years .	0
When did Nixon visit China ?	His meeting with Nixon was one of the most important and impressive diplomatic events of this century .	0
When did Nixon visit China ?	The meeting marked the climax of Nixon 's epoch-making visit to China , and made the seven-day visit `` a week that changed the world . ''	0
When did Nixon visit China ?	Nixon also has no interest .	0
When did Nixon visit China ?	`` If he wants to visit Beijing , you may bring a message to him and tell him that he can come quietly in private .	0
When did Nixon visit China ?	Three months later , Kissinger made his secret visit to Beijing .	0
When did Nixon visit China ?	The United States tried to hinder and block New China for a long time during the Cold War and this did not benefit it in the slightest .	0
When did Nixon visit China ?	It was President Nixon who changed U.S. policy toward China and this is a lesson to remember .	0
When did Nixon visit China ?	Vice Minister of State Economic and Trade Commission Yu Xiaosong Expresses Optimism About Extension of MFN Status	0
When did Nixon visit China ?	No sooner did the Japanese Diet pass the `` UN Peacekeeping Activities and Cooperation Law `` in April 1992 than Japan sent self-defense troops to take part in the UN peacekeeping effort in Cambodia .	0
When did Nixon visit China ?	Emperor Akihito and Empress Michiko visited China between 23 and 28 October 1992 , becoming the first Japanese monarch ever to visit China in the ancient history of Chinese - Japanese relations .	0
When did Nixon visit China ?	World leaders praised Richard Nixon at the weekend for his bold foreign policy moves , with some of America 's Cold War enemies most warm in their praise , AP and Reuters report .	0
When did Nixon visit China ?	China 's Communist leaders hailed Nixon as a man of 'strategic foresight and political courage ' in messages of condolences .	0
When did Nixon visit China ?	Mr Nixon also was warmly remembered in Russia .	0
When did Nixon visit China ?	Mr Yeltsin had refused to meet Mr Nixon during his 10-day trip to Russia last month because the former president had met with some of Yeltsin 's political opponents .	0
When did Nixon visit China ?	But Mr Nixon is credited with establishing the policy of detente toward the Soviet Union during his presidency and , in recent years , with pushing for US aid for Russia .	0
When did Nixon visit China ?	Even India , whose relations with the US reached an all-time low during Mr Nixon 's administration , commended the former president for taking bold steps in international affairs .	0
When did Nixon visit China ?	Mr Boutros Boutros Ghali , secretary-general of the United Nations , extending his condolences , called Mr Nixon 's impact in international affairs 'especially significant . '	0
When did Nixon visit China ?	Sir Edward Heath , who was Britain 's prime minister in 1970-74 , hailed Mr Nixon 's diplomatic skills .	0
When did Nixon visit China ?	On the other hand , the United States and China no longer operate in close tandem with one another in international affairs in the way that they did a decade ago .	0
When did Nixon visit China ?	In the first place , the United States and China did not even have any diplomats living and working in the heartland of each other 's territory .	0
When did Nixon visit China ?	The tension eased with a 1982 agreement limiting U.S. arms sales to Taiwan and , ultimately , with Reagan 's own election-year visit to China in 1984 .	0
When did Nixon visit China ?	Next month , he said , a team of Polish emissaries will visit 10 U.S. cities to learn the rudiments of running a local government .	0
When did Nixon visit China ?	When President Richard M. Nixon visited China , for example , U.S. towns rushed to find partners in that country , said Dick Oakland , director of member services for Sister Cities International .	0
When did Nixon visit China ?	In 1979 , during the American hostage crisis , Los Angeles unilaterally suspended its sister city relationship with Tehran , and did not even bother to inform its sister city 's government .	0
When did Nixon visit China ?	We met with the Chamber of Commerce , did some Rotary -LRB- clubs -RRB- , had a lot of private dinners and receptions . ''	0
When did Nixon visit China ?	`` On his two visits to Peking , in 1958 and 1959 , he and Mao did not get along .	0
When did Nixon visit China ?	I think he did so because of some sick fantasy .	0
When did Nixon visit China ?	There was some grumbling , but Orange County is by Western standards small -- 785 square miles -- and most people in Los Angeles did not seem to notice their southern neighbors ' secession .	0
When did Nixon visit China ?	Although the klan was certainly white supremacist and restricted its membership to Protestants , it did not base its appeal on overt racism .	0
When did Nixon visit China ?	Liberal Republicans often did better than conservative ones .	0
When did Nixon visit China ?	Nixon , who came from nearby Whittier , had impeccable conservative credentials , but his actions threw the John Birch Society , which was named after an early victim of Red China , into a tizzy .	0
When did Nixon visit China ?	Nixon Denounced	0
When did Nixon visit China ?	Schmitz denounced Nixon 's trip to China as a betrayal and suggested that he stay there .	0
When did Nixon visit China ?	Nixon returned the favor by finding a successful opponent for Schmitz 's congressional seat .	0
When did Nixon visit China ?	Nor did Reagan 's moderating of his domesticand foreign policy agenda , including his opening to Soviet leader Mikhail Gorbachev , in any way mitigate his popularity here .	0
When did Nixon visit China ?	Yonika Iwatsuru a second -grade classmate of Nixon 's at Yorba Linda Elementary School	0
When did Nixon visit China ?	Richard Nixon reflecting on his work in the family 's general store	0
When did Nixon visit China ?	Nixon in 1970	0
When did Nixon visit China ?	Richard Thompson a classmate of Nixon 's	0
When did Nixon visit China ?	Nixon has `` one motivation , that of promoting Richard Nixon , good or bad . ''	0
When did Nixon visit China ?	Nixon , Televised address , 1952	0
When did Nixon visit China ?	1953 -- Nixon becomes vice president ; increasingly fills in for ailing Eisenhower .	0
When did Nixon visit China ?	1956 -- Eisenhower-Nixon ticket is reelected ; in his second term , Nixon takes greater role in foreign policy .	0
When did Nixon visit China ?	1959 -- Nixon visits Moscow ; has `` kitchen debate '' with Soviet leader Nikita Khrushchev during tour of model home .	0
When did Nixon visit China ?	1960 -- Nixon runs for President , takes part in first televised debates .	0
When did Nixon visit China ?	`` You wo n't have Nixon to kick around anymore because , gentlemen , this is my last press conference . ''	0
When did Nixon visit China ?	Nixon the day after loss to Brown	0
When did Nixon visit China ?	Nixon campaigning for President in 1968	0
When did Nixon visit China ?	1969 -- Nixon takes office and begins withdrawing troops from South Vietnam ; military draft lottery system begins ; gives `` Silent Majority `` speech ; anti-ballistic missile system proposed .	0
When did Nixon visit China ?	1970 -- Nixon decides to invade Cambodia , setting off student protests across the country ; in domestic affairs , he sets up the Environmental Protection Agency .	0
When did Nixon visit China ?	Nixon , 1970	0
When did Nixon visit China ?	1973 -- Senate investigations of the Watergate scandal begin ; Nixon withdraws United States from Vietnam War .	0
When did Nixon visit China ?	`` No one in the Nixon Administration profited from Watergate .	0
When did Nixon visit China ?	Nixon from `` In the Arena , '' 1990	0
When did Nixon visit China ?	Dec. 6 , 1973 -- Nixon names Rep. Gerald R. Ford of Michigan as vice president .	0
When did Nixon visit China ?	August , 1974 -- Nixon resigns .	0
When did Nixon visit China ?	Nixon `` In the Arena , '' 1990	0
When did Nixon visit China ?	September , 1974 -- Ford pardons Nixon .	0
When did Nixon visit China ?	Nixon , 1974 in accepting Ford 's pardon	0
When did Nixon visit China ?	1974 -- Nixon moves back to San Clemente ; sues to keep control of his presidential papers .	0
When did Nixon visit China ?	Nixon in Frost interview	0
When did Nixon visit China ?	1978 -- Nixon publishes his memoirs .	0
When did Nixon visit China ?	1982-90 -- He writes four more foreign policy books ; Nixon is embraced by GOP as an elder statesman .	0
When did Nixon visit China ?	July , 1990 -- Nixon presidential library opens .	0
When did Nixon visit China ?	Almost three years after its premiere , Music Center Opera finally will present `` Nixon in China `` -- the opera it agreed to co-produce in 1986 .	0
When did Nixon visit China ?	Post-Tian An Men Square , the ending of `` Nixon in China `` -- the staging , at least -- has been revised .	0
When did Nixon visit China ?	In another departure from the original production , `` Nixon `` has gained the hotly debated blessings of supertitles .	0
When did Nixon visit China ?	As in Houston and elsewhere , `` Nixon `` will be amplified and is , of course , in English .	0
When did Nixon visit China ?	As Nixon in China opened diplomatic doors , so `` Nixon in China `` has been opening opera doors -- literally and metaphorically -- around the world .	0
When did Nixon visit China ?	-LRB- In case you were wondering , Nixon himself has not seen the opera .	0
When did Nixon visit China ?	Stories like Nixon 's are larger than life , but there is a verisimilitude , a documentary quality to them . ''	0
When did Nixon visit China ?	It 's a little more articulated structurally '' than `` Nixon , '' he says , and less like a verismo opera .	0
When did Nixon visit China ?	-LRB- The `` Nixon `` recording was also contracted before the opera premiered , as was the telecast -- rare indeed for any contemporary opera , let alone a neophyte effort . -RRB-	0
When did Nixon visit China ?	Is there then an in-joke hidden in Mao 's pensive lines in the `` Nixon `` finale ?	0
When did Nixon visit China ?	As Sellars grapples yet again with `` Nixon , '' there are already other takes on the opera .	0
When did Nixon visit China ?	There , in defiance of librettist Goodman 's insistence that the opera is heroic , Nixon and Mao were given putty noses in a garish and heavy-handed satire .	0
When did Nixon visit China ?	`` I think lots of things are conspiring so that now companies are competing for new operas , '' says Sellars , who in characteristic fashion chortles openly over the success of `` Nixon . ''	0
When did Nixon visit China ?	Nixon also spoke with Communist Party chief Jiang Zemin about the `` tragedy '' of the military crackdown on student-led dissent , the American informant said .	0
When did Nixon visit China ?	Nixon told Deng that he had observed relations closely for 17 years and that `` there has never been a more difficult crisis than at the present time . ''	0
When did Nixon visit China ?	He did not identify those leaders .	0
When did Nixon visit China ?	Deng and Nixon , who was on the fourth day of a private visit , agreed that ideological differences should be overcome and relations improved on the basis of common strategic interests .	0
When did Nixon visit China ?	`` I 'm very much in favor of your view regarding state-to- state relations , '' Deng said to Nixon as they met at the Great Hall of the People .	0
When did Nixon visit China ?	Nixon has urged the governments to bury their differences over the crushing of dissent and mend their frayed relations .	0
When did Nixon visit China ?	Chinese leader Deng Xiaoping , in a meeting Tuesday with former President Richard M. Nixon , accused the United States of deep involvement in last spring 's pro-democracy protest in Beijing , the official New China News Agency reported .	0
When did Nixon visit China ?	`` This time the concerns developed not from those who are foes of China but from those who are friends of China , '' Nixon said .	0
When did Nixon visit China ?	Nixon met later in the day with Jiang Zemin , who in late June replaced Zhao Ziyang as general secretary of the Communist Party .	0
When did Nixon visit China ?	The news agency said Jiang `` reassured Nixon that the opened door of China will not be closed again . ''	0
When did Nixon visit China ?	Former President Richard M. Nixon , speaking at a farewell banquet Wednesday evening , told his Chinese hosts that the June crackdown on pro-democracy protests `` will inevitably color American opinion and behavior toward China . ''	0
When did Nixon visit China ?	Yang , in a toast to Nixon , declared that `` Sino-U.S .	0
When did Nixon visit China ?	Specifically , he said , Nixon suggested that police stationed outside the U.S. Embassy stop carrying semiautomatic rifles .	0
When did Nixon visit China ?	On Wednesday morning , Nixon chatted with pedestrians along a shopping street , then visited the U.S. Embassy for a noon speech to the staff .	0
When did Nixon visit China ?	It was the spring of 1934 , and young Dick Nixon was earnestly warning a fellow graduate at Whittier College against accepting a fellowship at a Chinese university .	0
When did Nixon visit China ?	Nixon the grand strategist , the blunt but skillful diplomat , just like old times .	0
When did Nixon visit China ?	China has always been a strange , twisting thread in Richard Nixon 's remarkable life .	0
When did Nixon visit China ?	`` Nixon listened . ''	0
When did Nixon visit China ?	Later , China would exert a fateful , often hidden force in Nixon 's political rise .	0
When did Nixon visit China ?	The China lobby of Nationalist leader Chiang Kai-shek was instrumental in Nixon 's election to the Senate in 1950 .	0
When did Nixon visit China ?	For those who knew the history and his secret ambition , the startling visit to the Chinese Communists and seeming betrayal of his old Nationalist patrons came as no real surprise .	0
When did Nixon visit China ?	Instinctively , temperamentally , Nixon vastly preferred the symmetry , the neatness and conclusiveness , of secret diplomacy .	0
When did Nixon visit China ?	Now , as Nixon makes his reappearance as envoy extraordinary , the world is less than ever amenable to his quiet , controlling talks .	0
Who was the lead actress in the movie `` Sleepless in Seattle '' ?	And in the better-received but still backward-looking When A Man Loves A Woman , Andy Garcia and Meg -LRB- Sleepless In Seattle -RRB- Ryan try to put the angst back into the romantic weepie .	1
Who was the lead actress in the movie `` Sleepless in Seattle '' ?	He first set the two hearts fluttering by pushing lonely Dad into a radio agony phone-in where he bared his soul to a listening world including , 3000 miles away in a car , the captivated Ryan .	0
Who was the lead actress in the movie `` Sleepless in Seattle '' ?	Sundered by a continent , each spends the film dithering with his or her respective dates or mates : Hanks with a hyena-laughed former flame he has re-ignited , Ryan with her stuffy fiance Walter -LRB- Bill Pullman -RRB- .	0
Who was the lead actress in the movie `` Sleepless in Seattle '' ?	Laughing All the Way to the Awards : Meg Ryan and Billy Crystal gave `` When Harry Met Sally .	0
Who was the lead actress in the movie `` Sleepless in Seattle '' ?	Ryan was named 1989 's funniest film actress and Crystal funniest film actor for their lead roles in the movie .	0
Who was the lead actress in the movie `` Sleepless in Seattle '' ?	Large with hyperbole , armed with the warheads of exclamation marks , they hurtled out from the screen towards us in movie trailers .	0
Who was the lead actress in the movie `` Sleepless in Seattle '' ?	The first movie won the Golden Bear at Berlin this year .	0
Who was the lead actress in the movie `` Sleepless in Seattle '' ?	The summer season is one of the two the most important times of the year for the US movie industry , which releases its most popular films now or at Christmas , when people tend to have more leisure .	0
Who was the lead actress in the movie `` Sleepless in Seattle '' ?	Industry observers reckon the film could challenge Spielberg 's own record for the best-selling movie of all-time , set by ET , which grossed Dollars 399m in the US between 1983 and 1985 .	0
Who was the lead actress in the movie `` Sleepless in Seattle '' ?	She was named funniest supporting film actress for `` New York Stories `` and funniest supporting actress in a TV series for `` The Tracey Ullman Show . ''	0
What is the name of the `` female '' counterpart to El Nino , which results in cooling temperatures and very dry weather ?	`` What people do n't know as much about is La Nina , which imposes the opposite condition .	0
What is the name of the `` female '' counterpart to El Nino , which results in cooling temperatures and very dry weather ?	Local experts suggest maybe a new name is needed .	0
What is the name of the `` female '' counterpart to El Nino , which results in cooling temperatures and very dry weather ?	He speculated that part of the extreme conditions , not just here but nationally , is caused by El Nino and the greenhouse effect .	0
What is the name of the `` female '' counterpart to El Nino , which results in cooling temperatures and very dry weather ?	`` El Nino is the shifting of temperatures on the surface of the sea , '' Hibbert said .	0
What is the name of the `` female '' counterpart to El Nino , which results in cooling temperatures and very dry weather ?	Normally , El Nino affects Southern California with much wetter weather .	0
What is the name of the `` female '' counterpart to El Nino , which results in cooling temperatures and very dry weather ?	That produces a cooling of -LRB- ocean -RRB- surface temperatures , resulting in excessively dry weather , which you 're now having in Southern California , '' he said .	0
What is the name of the `` female '' counterpart to El Nino , which results in cooling temperatures and very dry weather ?	And , whatever the connection is , at the moment , it 's producing extreme heat and very dry conditions in Southern California .	0
Where did the 6th annual meeting of Indonesia-Malaysia forest experts take place ?	Malaysia and Indonesia view the cooperation very important because they share common problems in dealing with anti- tropical wood campaigns by advanced countries , he said in Surabaya , East Java last night .	1
Where did the 6th annual meeting of Indonesia-Malaysia forest experts take place ?	The four-day meeting in Surabaya is the sixth such annual gathering among experts of the two countries .	0
Where did the 6th annual meeting of Indonesia-Malaysia forest experts take place ?	Malaysia and Indonesia have agreed to intensify cooperation in forestry research and exchange programme of forest experts in efforts to counter anti-tropical woods campaigns by developed countries .	0
Where did the 6th annual meeting of Indonesia-Malaysia forest experts take place ?	Jamaludin said both sides would intensify information exchange on tropical forest development and management system in efforts to confront anti-tropical wood campaigns sponsored by industrialised countries .	0
Where did the 6th annual meeting of Indonesia-Malaysia forest experts take place ?	Such accusations are unfounded , he said , adding that Indonesia has always maintained a strict policy on forest preservation .	0
Who may be best known for breaking the color line in baseball ?	The scouts agreed Robinson , a four -sport letterman at UCLA before the war , was the man to face the unbelievable pressure of breaking the color barrier .	1
Who may be best known for breaking the color line in baseball ?	Through Maxson , the play tells the story of the pain of one-time black ballplayers who never got the chance at major league baseball before 1947 , when Jackie Robinson broke the color line .	1
Who may be best known for breaking the color line in baseball ?	Half a generation before Jackie Robinson broke the color line in the major leagues , there was opportunity for young blacks in pro baseball .	1
Who may be best known for breaking the color line in baseball ?	Once Robinson broke the color line , younger Negro Leaguers such as Willie Mays , Roy Campanella , Ernie Banks and Hank Aaron went to the majors .	1
Who may be best known for breaking the color line in baseball ?	Jack Roosevelt Robinson turned it around in an adventure that aroused the spirit of his race and opened the eyes of whites throughout the nation .	0
Who may be best known for breaking the color line in baseball ?	Scout Wid Matthews watched Robinson play with the Kansas City Monarchs of the Negro American League .	0
Who may be best known for breaking the color line in baseball ?	`` Jackie Robinson can protect the strike zone better than any other young ballplayer I 've ever seen , '' Matthews reported .	0
Who may be best known for breaking the color line in baseball ?	That helped to sell Rickey , who met with Robinson in Brooklyn on Aug. 28 , 1945 .	0
Who may be best known for breaking the color line in baseball ?	Robinson exclaimed .	0
Who may be best known for breaking the color line in baseball ?	For the fiery , competitive Robinson , it would be his toughest battle .	0
Who may be best known for breaking the color line in baseball ?	The Duke , later to be Jackie 's teammate with the Dodgers , recalled with a chuckle of admiration Robinson 's exploits at Pasadena JC .	0
Who may be best known for breaking the color line in baseball ?	On May 8 , 1938 , Robinson performed two feats usually reserved for pulp fiction .	0
Who may be best known for breaking the color line in baseball ?	The first time he attempted golf , 1,000 people watched Robinson break 90 at Pasadena 's Brookside Park .	0
Who may be best known for breaking the color line in baseball ?	And Robinson was a quick and talented boxer .	0
Who may be best known for breaking the color line in baseball ?	Robinson was college football 's leading ground gainer in 1939 , averaging 11.4 yards -a-carry and returning punts for a 16.4-yard average .	0
Who may be best known for breaking the color line in baseball ?	The late Cotton Warburton , one of USC 's famed backs of yesteryear , called Robinson the most exciting back he ever saw .	0
Who may be best known for breaking the color line in baseball ?	`` Coach Jones -LRB- USC Coach Howard Jones -RRB- would put his best defensive man on Robinson telling the defender to tackle him whether he had the ball or not . ''	0
Who may be best known for breaking the color line in baseball ?	Robinson won the 1940 NCAA long jump with a leap of 24 feet 10 1/4 inches indoors at the University of Minnesota field house .	0
Who may be best known for breaking the color line in baseball ?	With the outbreak of World War II , Robinson entered officer candidate school at Ft .	0
Who may be best known for breaking the color line in baseball ?	After Robinson was commissioned a 2nd Lieutenant , he became morale officer of a Negro truck battalion .	0
Who may be best known for breaking the color line in baseball ?	Robinson , how would you like your wife sitting next to a -LRB- black -RRB- ? ''	0
Who may be best known for breaking the color line in baseball ?	The battalion commander supported Robinson .	0
Who may be best known for breaking the color line in baseball ?	Robinson quit the Ft .	0
Who may be best known for breaking the color line in baseball ?	Robinson wanted no part of a team that would bow to racial prejudice .	0
Who may be best known for breaking the color line in baseball ?	Robinson was acquitted , but it was a needless and humiliating incident .	0
Who may be best known for breaking the color line in baseball ?	Robinson batted .345 for Kansas City in 1945 .	0
Who may be best known for breaking the color line in baseball ?	Robinson banged out four hits in five trips to the plate with three singles and a home run .	0
Who may be best known for breaking the color line in baseball ?	He stole second twice and scored four runs -- two of which came when the pitcher balked after becoming unnerved by Robinson 's dashes down the third base line .	0
Who may be best known for breaking the color line in baseball ?	Campanis , who three years ago was forced to resign as Dodger vice president /general manager as a result of his remarks about blacks , recalled vividly Robinson 's skills .	0
Who may be best known for breaking the color line in baseball ?	`` Robinson was a big man , '' Campanis continued .	0
Who may be best known for breaking the color line in baseball ?	Robinson took an incredible amount of verbal abuse during the year with Montreal , and there was always the beanball .	0
Who may be best known for breaking the color line in baseball ?	`` You never saw anything like it , '' said Dixie Howell , the catcher who was Robinson 's teammate at Montreal and later in Brooklyn .	0
Who may be best known for breaking the color line in baseball ?	Robinson was promoted to Brooklyn for the 1947 season .	0
Who may be best known for breaking the color line in baseball ?	Jackie Robinson became a star with hatred ringing in his ears .	0
Who may be best known for breaking the color line in baseball ?	The St. Louis Cardinals threatened to strike if Robinson played .	0
Who may be best known for breaking the color line in baseball ?	Alabama -born manager Ben Chapman and his Phillies were all over Robinson .	0
Who may be best known for breaking the color line in baseball ?	It might have been the turning point in the season as the Dodgers rallied around Robinson .	0
Who may be best known for breaking the color line in baseball ?	During that first year -- 1947 -- Robinson won the rookie of the year award , as the Dodgers took the National League pennant .	0
Who may be best known for breaking the color line in baseball ?	Robinson garnered his first of two stolen base titles with 29 thefts .	0
Who may be best known for breaking the color line in baseball ?	Robinson 's top year was 1949 , when he won the National League 's most valuable player award .	0
Who may be best known for breaking the color line in baseball ?	Thereafter , Robinson split his time between third base and the outfield .	0
Who may be best known for breaking the color line in baseball ?	Billy Cox , with the hands of a pickpocket , could be compared with Brooks Robinson as a defensive third baseman .	0
Who may be best known for breaking the color line in baseball ?	But Robinson was the catalyst .	0
Who may be best known for breaking the color line in baseball ?	Before the 1949 campaign , Rickey and Robinson had another meeting .	0
Who may be best known for breaking the color line in baseball ?	Robinson joined Ty Cobb and Pepper Martin as the most exciting and competitive players to perform between the white lines .	0
Who may be best known for breaking the color line in baseball ?	Robinson even amazed his teammates with his daring .	0
Who may be best known for breaking the color line in baseball ?	At bat Jackie overcame `` football shoulders , '' once pointed out by Bob Feller , who claimed Robinson could n't get around on the fast ball .	0
Who may be best known for breaking the color line in baseball ?	Robinson played only one game -- in 1953 -- at shortstop in his major league career .	0
Who may be best known for breaking the color line in baseball ?	And it was Robinson who almost single-handedly got it for them .	0
Who may be best known for breaking the color line in baseball ?	Then Robinson turned and in his familiar pigeon-toed gait moved toward the dugout .	0
Who may be best known for breaking the color line in baseball ?	Robinson was traded to the hated Giants for Dick Littlefield and $ 35,000 on Dec. 13 , 1956 .	0
Who may be best known for breaking the color line in baseball ?	Robinson was beset with personal problems .	0
Who may be best known for breaking the color line in baseball ?	When he had the addiction beaten , the young Robinson was killed in an auto accident .	0
Who may be best known for breaking the color line in baseball ?	Hall of Famer Ralph Kiner , who is now a broadcaster for the New York Mets , emphasized , `` Robinson was the only player I ever saw who could completely turn a game around by himself .	0
Who may be best known for breaking the color line in baseball ?	Although Willie Mays of the Giants and Robinson were fierce rivals , they were friends off the field .	0
Who may be best known for breaking the color line in baseball ?	`` Jones hit Jackie with a pitch , then threw the ball into right field when he tried to pick Robinson off first .	0
Who may be best known for breaking the color line in baseball ?	Much of the bad feeling between Robinson and Durocher stemmed from a play at first base when Jackie barrelled over Giant second baseman Davey Williams .	0
Who may be best known for breaking the color line in baseball ?	But like the real-life black baseball slugger Josh Gibson , who may have been the model for the role , he is too old for the game by the time Robinson integrated the league in 1947 .	0
Who may be best known for breaking the color line in baseball ?	Sets by Ocie Robinson .	0
Who may be best known for breaking the color line in baseball ?	He certainly joins Jack Johnson , Jackie Robinson , Kenny Washington , Frank Robinson , Bill Russell .	0
Who may be best known for breaking the color line in baseball ?	He scouted Jackie Robinson for the part .	0
Who may be best known for breaking the color line in baseball ?	The executive explained he planned to break the color line and wanted Jackie to be his man .	0
Who may be best known for breaking the color line in baseball ?	The Robinsons lived on Pepper Street in Pasadena , where Jackie became am athletic legend .	0
Who may be best known for breaking the color line in baseball ?	On the mound were fireballing Don Newcombe , Ralph Branca , Preacher Roe and Carl Erskine , whose overhand curve was the best since Tommy Bridges ' .	0
Who may be best known for breaking the color line in baseball ?	Mays recalled an incident in Ebbets Field when he crashed into the wall after catching a line drive .	0
Who may be best known for breaking the color line in baseball ?	He ends up making his way in the world as best he can , marrying young , fathering a child , stealing -- and doing 15 years in prison for one of those robberies .	0
Who may be best known for breaking the color line in baseball ?	The roles of the sons prove most tentative here ; it 's as if the actors , like the sons themselves , have not quite settled on the best way to relate to this troublesome and troubling father .	0
Who may be best known for breaking the color line in baseball ?	During three years with the Burt varsity , Dryden played left guard on offense , then stayed along the line of scrimmage and played left guard on defense .	0
Who may be best known for breaking the color line in baseball ?	Had the times not been so tough , Dryden would have followed the rail line to Nashville and attended Tennessee State or Fisk .	0
Who may be best known for breaking the color line in baseball ?	`` Here we were , three top players on the best team in the NFL and none of us was making six figures .	0
Who may be best known for breaking the color line in baseball ?	He owns a temporary-employment services business , which means he has an easier time attending Malcolm 's games than Dryden had breaking free for his .	0
Who may be best known for breaking the color line in baseball ?	Dryden recalled walking through the parking lot after the Warren G. Harding Panthers of Warren had gone across the nearby Pennsylvania line and beaten a team from Sharon .	0
Who may be best known for breaking the color line in baseball ?	`` Lonnie was one of those big , strong ballplayers who hit powerful line drives , '' said Chico Renfroe , an Atlanta -based sportswriter .	0
Who may be best known for breaking the color line in baseball ?	`` He hit some of the most screaming line drives you 've seen in your life . ''	0
Who may be best known for breaking the color line in baseball ?	`` I played against the best and with the best , '' he said .	0
Who may be best known for breaking the color line in baseball ?	They are in full retreat , they are confused , surrounded , their best hope would seem to be to sue for peace .	0
Who may be best known for breaking the color line in baseball ?	When Branch Rickey broke the color line in baseball , it was a deliberate , calculated , long-plotted maneuver .	0
What is the brightest star visible from Earth ?	Voyager will be headed toward Sirius , the brightest star in the heavens , after it leaves our solar system .	1
What is the brightest star visible from Earth ?	In the year 296036 , Voyager 2 will make its closest approach to Sirius , the brightest star visible from Earth .	1
What is the brightest star visible from Earth ?	Near Sirius in Year 296036	0
What is the brightest star visible from Earth ?	Then engineers will turn off Voyager 2 's TV cameras and its infrared and visible light sensors .	0
What is the brightest star visible from Earth ?	In the year 20391 , Voyager will pass within 3.21 light years , 18.9 trillion miles , of Proxima Centauri , the nearest star .	0
What are the Valdez Principles ?	It was the first Fortune 500 company to endorse the principles of the Coalition of Environmentally Responsible Economies , a non-profit organisation set up after the Exxon Valdez oil-spill to promote green business policies .	0
What are the Valdez Principles ?	A state resolution proposed on Tuesday asks businesses to adopt an environmental code of conduct if they want California 's two biggest pension funds to invest in them .	0
What are the Valdez Principles ?	Now we are emerging from a bipolar world to confront a more complex but encouraging set of relationships .	0
What are the Valdez Principles ?	Sun has gone a long way in setting itself apart from its rivals , too .	0
What are the Valdez Principles ?	The two funds have total assets of about $ 85 billion .	0
What are the Valdez Principles ?	Davis said one of the pension funds -- PERS -- already has agreed to ask 27 major companies it invests funds with to state how their policies compare to the Valdez Principles .	0
What are the Valdez Principles ?	And with the sliding backward of affirmative action and set-aside programs , you leave people in power who were in power before .	0
What are the Valdez Principles ?	But we have passed the point where any Soviet advancement is tantamount to a U.S. setback .	0
What are the Valdez Principles ?	There may be setbacks , but now , increasingly often , we recognize a mutuality of interest in dealing with issues .	0
Where was Ulysses S. Grant born ?	Seven U.S. Presidents -- Ulysses S. Grant , Rutherford B. Hayes , James A. Garfield , Benjamin Harrison , William McKinley , William Howard Taft and Warren G. Harding -- were born in Ohio .	1
Where was Ulysses S. Grant born ?	Ulysses S. Grant -LRB- 18th President -RRB- : Born April 27 , 1822 , in a one -room , 16x19-foot home in Point Pleasant , Ohio , overlooking the Ohio River .	1
Where was Ulysses S. Grant born ?	The house later was returned to its original foundation , about 27 miles southeast of Cincinnati in the Clermont County village of Point Pleasant off Ohio 52 .	0
Where was Ulysses S. Grant born ?	Now a three -room frame cottage , Grant 's birthplace has been furnished with period items and pieces owned by the family .	0
Where was Ulysses S. Grant born ?	Ronald Reagan -LRB- 40th President -RRB- : Born Feb. 6 , 1911 , in an apartment above a bakery at 111 S. Main St. in Tampico , Ill .	0
Who received the Will Rogers Award in 1989 ?	KUDOS , FRANK -- Frank Sinatra , that is , who Wednesday night was honored with the Will Rogers Award at the Beverly Hills Diamond Jubilee Gala .	1
Who received the Will Rogers Award in 1989 ?	Finally , he introduced Frank Sinatra , who came on sounding as if he had swallowed a shot glass .	0
Who received the Will Rogers Award in 1989 ?	Sinatra could n't read the teleprompter either and this again elongated the segments .	0
Who received the Will Rogers Award in 1989 ?	-LRB- The TelePrompTer had read Geraldo Rivera , but Sinatra did a switch . -RRB-	0
Who received the Will Rogers Award in 1989 ?	FRANK SINATRA TV SPECIALS	0
Who received the Will Rogers Award in 1989 ?	The Disney Channel will air Frank Sinatra 's 13 TV specials every other months for the next two years , beginning with `` Ol ' Blue Eyes Is Back '' -LRB- 1973 -RRB- at 9 p.m. , April 29 .	0
Who received the Will Rogers Award in 1989 ?	He was given the prestigious Henry Johnson Fisher Award by the Magazine Publishers of America .	0
What is the largest city in Germany ?	Qiao said Berlin , the largest city in Germany , has great influence on the world .	1
What is the largest city in Germany ?	Hanna-Rnate Laurien , president of the Berlin City 's parliament , made these remarks at a reception hosted by her in honor of Qiao Shi , who is here on an eight-day official goodwill visit to Germany .	0
What is the largest city in Germany ?	She said she was very pleased that Qiao 's visit is paid following the China visits respectively by German Chancellor Helmut Kohl last year and mayor of Berlin City Eberhatd Diepgen in 1988 .	0
What is the largest city in Germany ?	With the German Federal Government and parliament to be moved to Berlin before the end of this century , the city will play more important roles in the country 's politics , economy and cultural life , he said .	0
What is the largest city in Germany ?	`` We are particularly pleased to note that Berlin and China have shared very close relationship , '' he added .	0
What is the largest city in Germany ?	Berliner Bank had long urged the merger with Landesbank Berlin and Berliner Pfandbrief - Bank , but the city , anxious to protect its stake in Berliner Bank , delayed the move .	0
What is the largest city in Germany ?	Mr Norbert Meisner , Berlin 's economics secretary , said earlier that the merger would create a bank large enough to provide the increased investment needs in Berlin and the surrounding Brandenburg state .	0
What is the largest city in Germany ?	It would help reduce the burden on the city budget when Bonn is cutting its aid to Berlin .	0
What is the largest city in Germany ?	Berliner Bank has benefited from expansion into east Berlin and Brandenburg since 1990 and is the only sizeable German bank to have kept its headquarters in the city .	0
What is the largest city in Germany ?	The Berlin market reflects some of the uncertainties .	0
What is the largest city in Germany ?	Rentals fell by 29 per cent in Munich and 24 per cent in Berlin while the volume of space let fell by a dismal 49 per cent .	0
What is the largest city in Germany ?	A senior German official said here this evening that the visit to Germany by Qiao Shi , China 's National People 's Congress -LRB- NPC -RRB- Standing Committee , will strengthen Germany - China relationship .	0
What is the largest city in Germany ?	BOTH Germany 's main political parties could end up the losers from an extraordinary legal decision to order a new state election in the city of Hamburg , the second smallest of the country 's 16 Lander .	0
What is the largest city in Germany ?	The move , ordered by the constitutional court in the city because of an 'undemocratic ' selection process of candidates for Chancellor Helmut Kohl 's Christian Democratic Union , means a re-run of the poll held in 1991 .	0
What is the largest city in Germany ?	An immediate opinion poll in the city showed the Social Democrats gaining just 40 per cent of the votes , compared with 48 per cent in 1991 .	0
What is the largest city in Germany ?	The fact that the city party has been found guilty of undemocratic procedures in its own candidate selection seems likely to lose it further support .	0
What is the largest city in Germany ?	The decision to site the future European Central Bank in Frankfurt will consolidate the city 's role as continental Europe 's leading financial centre .	0
What is the largest city in Germany ?	It is the international flavour of the Frankfurt office market , with demand dictated to a large extent by foreign financial institutions , which has driven the fall in rentals in the city .	0
What is the name of the highest mountain in Africa ?	Yet Kilimanjaro , Africa 's highest mountain , remained veiled in ominous mist as we drove towards it out of Kenya .	1
What is the name of the highest mountain in Africa ?	Kilimanjaro -- at 19,342 feet the highest mountain in Africa .	1
What is the name of the highest mountain in Africa ?	Mount Kilimanjaro , at 19,342 feet , is Africa 's highest mountain , and is 5,000 feet higher than any mountain in the United States , excepting Alaska .	1
What is the name of the highest mountain in Africa ?	Now he had coaxed 11 of them , including one Englishman , to share his mid-life crisis and climb Kilimanjaro in style .	0
What is the name of the highest mountain in Africa ?	The incessant rain that never falls on Kilimanjaro in February had been replaced by the driving snow that so rarely dusts its upper slopes , according to the notes on the Ordnance Survey map .	0
What is the name of the highest mountain in Africa ?	The huge volcanic cone of Kilimanjaro remained invisible above and below us .	0
What is the name of the highest mountain in Africa ?	The sun rose behind the science-fiction peak of Mawenzi , Kilimanjaro 's little sister .	0
What is the name of the highest mountain in Africa ?	But then , to our great relief , it became clear why Kilimanjaro had to be climbed at night .	0
What is the name of the highest mountain in Africa ?	Yet we had 'done ' Kilimanjaro .	0
What is the name of the highest mountain in Africa ?	This is because Kilimanjaro shoots abruptly up out of a 3 , 000ft plain .	0
What is the name of the highest mountain in Africa ?	We had come to Africa to climb Kilimanjaro , the dormant volcano located some 200 miles south of the Equator on the border between Kenya and Tanzania .	0
What is the name of the highest mountain in Africa ?	For Jim and me , dilettante backpackers and runners , the five-day , 52-mile Kilimanjaro ascent was a test of will and endurance .	0
What is the name of the highest mountain in Africa ?	Kilimanjaro is a Tanzanian national park , and each climbing party is required to have a guide who in turn provisions and cooks for the expedition .	0
What is the name of the highest mountain in Africa ?	Like most Kilimanjaro climbers , we elected to do the ascent Himalayan style , with porters carrying all but day packs .	0
What is the name of the highest mountain in Africa ?	Since the 1840s , when missionaries and geologists began trying to climb Kilimanjaro , mountaineering has become a major source of income and employment for the region .	0
What is the name of the highest mountain in Africa ?	The entrance to the park was crowded with Americans , Japanese , Australians and Europeans , some seeking climbing permits , others returning from successful -LRB- or abortive -RRB- attempts to reach Kilimanjaro 's summit .	0
What is the name of the highest mountain in Africa ?	The first leg of the expedition was a 5-mile climb through a rain forest that girdles Kilimanjaro at 6,000 to 9,500 feet .	0
What is the name of the highest mountain in Africa ?	-LRB- The Kilimanjaro massif rises out of a plain that is about 3,500 feet above sea level .	0
What is the name of the highest mountain in Africa ?	Kilimanjaro climbers can go for the summit on a five - or six-day trip or spend a day or so wandering trails on the lower reaches .	0
What is the name of the highest mountain in Africa ?	-LRB- A number of Nairobi tour operators offer Kilimanjaro safaris through their Tanzanian affiliates -RRB- .	0
What is the name of the highest mountain in Africa ?	Getting to Kilimanjaro can be expensive and time-consuming .	0
What is the name of the highest mountain in Africa ?	British Air , KLM , Ethiopian and Pakistan Airlines fly into Kilimanjaro International Airport .	0
What is the name of the highest mountain in Africa ?	Still , there is only one flight a week between Kilimanjaro and Nairobi .	0
What is the name of the highest mountain in Africa ?	Imagine , you 're a network sportscaster , covering college basketball in February , when your boss calls and says , `` Next week , we 're sending you to Africa to cover an attempt to climb Mount Kilimanjaro .	0
What is the name of the highest mountain in Africa ?	Twelve mentally disabled Californians , ranging in age from 19 to 30 , went on the Kilimanjaro venture , accompanied by a coach for each and an independent film crew headed by Emmy Award-winning producer Mike Tollin .	0
What is the name of the highest mountain in Africa ?	Kilimanjaro is located about 150 miles south of Nairobi on the border between Kenya and Tanzania .	0
What is the name of the highest mountain in Africa ?	Only about 25 % of the people who attempt to climb Kilimanjaro make it to the top .	0
What is the name of the highest mountain in Africa ?	The mountain veiled itself again , and stayed hidden from us , bar the odd glimpse , for the next four days .	0
What is the name of the highest mountain in Africa ?	Of the 50 other climbers who had been attempting the separate 'tourist ' route up the mountain that night , just two stumbled with us to this true summit .	0
What is the name of the highest mountain in Africa ?	The equatorial sun , grilling down on us with pure ultra-violet , had melted the top of the mountain into a great , barely climbable mound of white slush and black volcanic sand .	0
What is the name of the highest mountain in Africa ?	We reached the highest tourist refuge , Kibo Huts , at lunchtime and collapsed on to grubby bunks for a brief doze .	0
What is the name of the highest mountain in Africa ?	We had avoided the normal , much-trodden Marangu route up the mountain and had taken the more beautiful Machame trail .	0
What is the name of the highest mountain in Africa ?	Although professional climbers sometimes scoff at the mountain as being `` technically unchallenging , '' the altitude and cold -- as many of our companions discovered -- proved otherwise .	0
What is the name of the highest mountain in Africa ?	Built by the British in the late 1940s , the Moshi Hotel bears its pre-independence name -- the Livingstone Hotel -- in large stucco letters on the cornice .	0
What is the name of the highest mountain in Africa ?	There is a danger of not getting one -- especially in August when the mountain is so crowded .	0
What is the name of the highest mountain in Africa ?	This portion of the mountain is almost perpetually covered with dense , low-lying clouds below which lichen- and creeper-shrouded trees and grasses have adapted to life with little sunlight .	0
What is the name of the highest mountain in Africa ?	-LRB- In World War I a troop of German soldiers , trapped behind relentlessly advancing British troops , surrendered at the cave after having hidden out on the mountain for eight months -RRB- .	0
What is the name of the highest mountain in Africa ?	The equatorial sun was out in full force when we finally reached the rock on the western rim that marks the highest point on the African continent .	0
What is the name of the highest mountain in Africa ?	I 'd always heard of the exhilaration of surveying the panorama after conquering this mountain .	0
What is the name of the highest mountain in Africa ?	A number of American adventure travel companies , including Mountain Travel Inc. , 1398-M Solano Ave .	0
What is the name of the highest mountain in Africa ?	Those traveling on their own can make arrangements to climb the mountain through the Marangu Hotel , P.O .	0
What is the name of the highest mountain in Africa ?	Nighttime temperatures on the mountain can fall to zero degrees Fahrenheit , and rain is common even in the dry season .	0
What is the name of the highest mountain in Africa ?	NBC probably will name at least one fairly soon , since it will televise Magic Johnson 's `` Midsummer Night 's Magic `` all-star game at the Forum on Aug. 11 .	0
What was the name of the US helicopter pilot shot down over North Korea ?	The North Koreans have insisted that the two US pilots - one of whom was killed when their helicopter came down - were on a spying mission and they published a 'confession ' from Mr Hall .	1
What was the name of the US helicopter pilot shot down over North Korea ?	At the time of the shooting-down , Mr Hall thought he was over South Korea and apparently did not realise his helicopter had been struck and that Mr Hilemon had been hit , the official said .	1
What was the name of the US helicopter pilot shot down over North Korea ?	The two -man crew comprised chief warrant officer Bobby Hall and his co-pilot chief warrant officer David Hilemon , who was killed .	0
What was the name of the US helicopter pilot shot down over North Korea ?	The pilot , Chief Warrant Officer Bobby Hall , crossed the border at Panmunjom into South Korea .	0
What was the name of the US helicopter pilot shot down over North Korea ?	In his ambiguous confession , Mr Hall admitted that his reconnaissance helicopter made an 'intrusion deep ' into North Korean airspace , adding 'this criminal action is inexcusable and unpardonable ' .	0
What was the name of the US helicopter pilot shot down over North Korea ?	Mr Hall 's statement said his helicopter 'deviated ' from its planned flight route within South Korea , but gave no explanation why it strayed across the demilitarised zone into the North .	0
What was the name of the US helicopter pilot shot down over North Korea ?	But some South Korean government analysts believe Mr Hall 's statement that it was on an 'observation reconnaissance ' mission could be interpreted as espionage if North Korea decides to press the affair .	0
What was the name of the US helicopter pilot shot down over North Korea ?	Analysts were divided over whether the statement by Chief Warrant Officer Bobby Hall would speed his release or provide Pyongyang with new grounds to detain him in return for possible concessions from the US .	0
What was the name of the US helicopter pilot shot down over North Korea ?	Mr Hall admitted that his OH-58 reconnaissance helicopter made an 'intrusion deep ' into North Korean airspace , adding 'this criminal action is inexcusable and unpardonable ' .	0
What was the name of the US helicopter pilot shot down over North Korea ?	Mr Hall 's statement said that his helicopter 'deviated ' from its planned flight route within South Korea , but gave no explanation for why the helicopter strayed across the demilitarised zone .	0
What was the name of the US helicopter pilot shot down over North Korea ?	But some South Korean government analysts believe that Mr Hall 's statement that the helicopter was on an 'observation reconnaissance ' mission could be interpreted as espionage if North Korea decided to press the affair .	0
What was the name of the US helicopter pilot shot down over North Korea ?	Chief Warrant Officer Hall reported that after he brought the craft to the ground , he pulled his gravely wounded co-pilot , Chief Warrant Officer David Hilemon , from the aircraft , according to a US government official .	0
What was the name of the US helicopter pilot shot down over North Korea ?	Mr Hall told officials that Mr Hilemon died a short time later , the official said .	0
What was the name of the US helicopter pilot shot down over North Korea ?	Mr Hall said he was well treated in captivity , the official said .	0
What was the name of the US helicopter pilot shot down over North Korea ?	North Korea yesterday returned Mr Hall yesterday .	0
What was the name of the US helicopter pilot shot down over North Korea ?	The return of Mr Hall was the result of a diplomatic compromise .	0
What was the name of the US helicopter pilot shot down over North Korea ?	However , North Korea appeared satisfied by a 'confession ' signed by Mr Hall , which described the 'illegal intrusion ' as a 'criminal action ' and asked for forgiveness by Pyongyang .	0
What was the name of the US helicopter pilot shot down over North Korea ?	The official news agency quoted Hall as saying : 'I admit that this criminal action is inexcusable and unpardonable .	0
What was the name of the US helicopter pilot shot down over North Korea ?	North Korea yesterday refused to hold a meeting requested by the US to discuss the return of a US pilot and the body of his co-pilot killed in the crash of their army helicopter in North Korea .	0
What was the name of the US helicopter pilot shot down over North Korea ?	The announcement appeared to dash hopes that North Korea would try to resolve the incident quickly .	0
What was the name of the US helicopter pilot shot down over North Korea ?	Mr James Laney , the US ambassador to Pyongyang , said in Atlanta he believed North Korea would release the crew quickly rather than risk endangering relations .	0
What was the name of the US helicopter pilot shot down over North Korea ?	North Korean officials explained that their leadership was 'too busy with the investigation ' into the incident to hold talks on the pilot 's release , according to a spokesman for the US military in Seoul .	0
What was the name of the US helicopter pilot shot down over North Korea ?	North Korea 's rejection of the US talks proposal could reflect deep divisions within the North Korean leadership on how to resolve the issue .	0
What was the name of the US helicopter pilot shot down over North Korea ?	A long delay in solving the issue of the helicopter crash will increase pressure in Washington for the US to take a tougher stance on aid to North Korea .	0
What was the name of the US helicopter pilot shot down over North Korea ?	The two -man OH-58 reconnaissance helicopter crashed on Saturday , three miles north of the eastern end of the demilitarised zone that divides North from South Korea .	0
What was the name of the US helicopter pilot shot down over North Korea ?	The North Koreans claim that they shot down the helicopter , but the US says that it may have had to make an emergency landing after straying across the demilitarised zone because of a navigational error .	0
What was the name of the US helicopter pilot shot down over North Korea ?	One explanation for Pyongyang 's rejection of the proposed talks could be that the US wants to discuss the pilot 's release through the military armistice commission which supervises the truce that ended the 1950-53 Korean war .	0
What was the name of the US helicopter pilot shot down over North Korea ?	The resumption of commission meetings on the issue would represent a setback to North Korea 's diplomatic strategy .	0
What was the name of the US helicopter pilot shot down over North Korea ?	North Korea appears to be using the presence of Mr Richardson as a conduit to resolve the incident .	0
What was the name of the US helicopter pilot shot down over North Korea ?	Mr Richardson , a Democratic representative from New Mexico , was originally scheduled to hold talks on the nuclear programme accord before he was thrust into an unexpected role of trying to arrange the return of the pilot .	0
What was the name of the US helicopter pilot shot down over North Korea ?	North Korea early today released a US airman whose helicopter went down over the communist state nearly two weeks ago .	0
What was the name of the US helicopter pilot shot down over North Korea ?	His release appeared to defuse the fresh diplomatic row that flared up between Pyongyang and Washington only two months after they had finalised an accord on the North 's nuclear programme .	0
What was the name of the US helicopter pilot shot down over North Korea ?	A Washington official said the US had expressed 'sincere regret ' for the helicopter 's violation of North Korean air space .	0
What was the name of the US helicopter pilot shot down over North Korea ?	It agreed to hold contacts with the North in an 'appropriate forum ' to prevent similar incidents in the future .	0
What was the name of the US helicopter pilot shot down over North Korea ?	But North Korea could well press for separate bilateral talks .	0
What was the name of the US helicopter pilot shot down over North Korea ?	But any further delay in his release might have increased chances of the new Republican -controlled US Congress trying to block implementation of the US nuclear accord with North Korea .	0
What was the name of the US helicopter pilot shot down over North Korea ?	The pilot 's apology may have provided a face-saving means for his release while allowing North Korea to exploit the incident for propaganda purposes and justify its downing of the helicopter .	0
What was the name of the US helicopter pilot shot down over North Korea ?	The statement , if it was dictated by North Korean officials as many believe , did not offer much support for Pyongyang 's allegation that the helicopter was on a spying mission and that its intrusion was deliberate .	0
What was the name of the US helicopter pilot shot down over North Korea ?	This could imply support for the US claim that the helicopter lost its way due to a navigational error .	0
What was the name of the US helicopter pilot shot down over North Korea ?	North Korea may possibly exploit the incident to support its demand that the US sign a formal treaty ending the 1950-53 Korean war and begin withdrawing its 37,000 troops from South Korea .	0
What was the name of the US helicopter pilot shot down over North Korea ?	An ambiguous 'confession ' signed by a US army helicopter pilot captured by North Korea almost two weeks ago could further complicate efforts to secure his release .	0
What was the name of the US helicopter pilot shot down over North Korea ?	If his return is delayed further , it is likely to increase prospects that the new Republican -controlled US Congress will try to block implementation of the recent US nuclear accord with North Korea .	0
What was the name of the US helicopter pilot shot down over North Korea ?	The apology may provide a face-saving means for his release , while allowing North Korea to exploit the incident for propaganda purposes and justify its downing of the helicopter .	0
What was the name of the US helicopter pilot shot down over North Korea ?	The statement , if it was dictated by North Korean officials as many believe , does not offer much support for Pyongyang 's allegation that the helicopter was on a spying mission and that its intrusion was deliberate .	0
What was the name of the US helicopter pilot shot down over North Korea ?	This could imply support for the US claim that the helicopter lost its way after a navigational error .	0
What was the name of the US helicopter pilot shot down over North Korea ?	Whether North Korea will try to use the issue to gain concessions from the US is still unclear as it negotiates with a senior US diplomat who has travelled to Pyongyang to gain the pilot 's release .	0
What was the name of the US helicopter pilot shot down over North Korea ?	His release appeared to ensure that the recent US - North Korean nuclear agreement will proceed smoothly after Washington warned earlier that his continued detention could jeopardise the accord .	0
What was the name of the US helicopter pilot shot down over North Korea ?	Under the nuclear accord , the US has promised to establish diplomatic ties with North Korea and guarantee international aid if Pyongyang abandons its nuclear programme .	0
What was the name of the US helicopter pilot shot down over North Korea ?	The US expressed regret for the intrusion of the helicopter into North Korean airspace , which Washington said was an accident caused by a navigational error .	0
What was the name of the US helicopter pilot shot down over North Korea ?	The US did not offer a formal apology as demanded by North Korea , which claimed the helicopter was on a spy mission .	0
What was the name of the US helicopter pilot shot down over North Korea ?	North Korea claimed the US had agreed to further bilateral military contacts to prevent future incidents .	0
What was the name of the US helicopter pilot shot down over North Korea ?	A senior US diplomat arrived in Pyongyang yesterday to seek the release of a US army pilot whose detention by North Korea threatens its recent nuclear agreement with Washington .	0
What was the name of the US helicopter pilot shot down over North Korea ?	Pyongyang claims the helicopter was on a spying mission and the North has demanded an acknowledgement of guilt and an apology from the US .	0
What was the name of the US helicopter pilot shot down over North Korea ?	Last night North Korea said the pilot had confessed to intruding deep into its territory on a reconnaissance mission and had asked for forgiveness .	0
What was the name of the US helicopter pilot shot down over North Korea ?	Washington said the helicopter flew into North Korea because of a navigational error .	0
What was the name of the US helicopter pilot shot down over North Korea ?	Analysts believe other reasons may account for North Korea 's reluctance to release the pilot .	0
What was the name of the US helicopter pilot shot down over North Korea ?	One possibility is that North Korea is trying to exploit the incident to gain new concessions from the US .	0
What was the name of the US helicopter pilot shot down over North Korea ?	North Korea could argue that the helicopter incident underscores the need for such a peace treaty .	0
What was the name of the US helicopter pilot shot down over North Korea ?	The US also agreed to guarantee international aid , including the supply of safer light-water reactors , if North Korea dismantled its current nuclear programme , which is suspected of producing weapons-grade plutonium .	0
What was the name of the US helicopter pilot shot down over North Korea ?	However , such a diplomatic strategy carries risks for North Korea since US congressional critics of the nuclear agreement may use the continued detention of the pilot as a reason to block the deal .	0
What was the name of the US helicopter pilot shot down over North Korea ?	US critics of the accord believe that it offers too many concessions to North Korea .	0
What was the name of the US helicopter pilot shot down over North Korea ?	Senator Bob Dole , who is soon to become US Senate majority leader , was quoted yesterday as calling the agreement 'a lousy deal ' and adding , 'you ca n't trust the North Koreans ' .	0
What was the name of the US helicopter pilot shot down over North Korea ?	Even so , the delay may also reflect deep divisions between North Korea leaders over the nuclear agreement .	0
What was the name of the US helicopter pilot shot down over North Korea ?	Mr Thomas Hubbard , a deputy assistant secretary of state , was part of the US team that reached the agreement on nuclear non-proliferation with North Korea in October .	0
What was the name of the US helicopter pilot shot down over North Korea ?	He was sent on his new mission after North Korean diplomats at the UN had suggested that this would 'facilitate a resolution ' of the problem .	0
What was the name of the US helicopter pilot shot down over North Korea ?	But broadcasts and statements from Pyongyang over the last 48 hours have alleged that the helicopter was on a spying mission and have demanded that the US admit as much .	0
What was the name of the US helicopter pilot shot down over North Korea ?	US officials have maintained that it strayed into North Korea while on routine training because of a navigational error .	0
What was the name of the US helicopter pilot shot down over North Korea ?	Even so , the US has apologised for the violation of the North 's air space .	0
What was the name of the US helicopter pilot shot down over North Korea ?	Mr Lee Hamilton , outgoing chairman of the House of Representatives foreign affairs committee , warned yesterday that Congress might delay a scheduled US oil shipment to Pyongyang so as to force the release of the pilot .	0
What was the name of the US helicopter pilot shot down over North Korea ?	The US is to provide 50,000 tons of heavy fuel oil , valued at about Dollars 4.7m -LRB- Pounds 3m -RRB- , to North Korea by January 21 as part of the October accord .	0
What was the name of the US helicopter pilot shot down over North Korea ?	However , the US is anxious not to jeopardise the hard-won agreement which appeared to remove the immediate threat of the North acquiring an offensive nuclear capability .	0
Where was George Washington born ?	Eight Presidents were born in Virginia : George Washington , Thomas Jefferson , James Madison , James Monroe , William Henry Harrison , John Tyler , Zachary Taylor and Woodrow Wilson .	1
Where was George Washington born ?	George Washington -LRB- first President -RRB- : Born Feb. 22 , 1732 , in Westmoreland County .	1
Where was George Washington born ?	They were born on historic plantations on the river banks of Virginia , in modest wood-frame homes on the Midwestern plain , on ranches in Texas cattle country .	0
Where was George Washington born ?	Washington , Jefferson , Madison , Monroe , Tyler , William Howard Taft and John F. Kennedy all are buried in Virginia .	0
Where was George Washington born ?	William Henry Harrison -LRB- son of Declaration of Independence signer Benjamin Harrison , who also lived in the house , and grandfather of 23rd President Benjamin Harrison -RRB- was born on Berkeley plantation in Virginia .	0
Where was George Washington born ?	It is sited in 10 acres of formal terraced boxwood gardens on the James River , Virginia Route 5 , Charles City , Va. Call -LRB- 804 -RRB- 829-6018 .	0
Where was George Washington born ?	The land is tilled by oxen and the crops are the same as those planted during Washington 's childhood .	0
Where was George Washington born ?	Washington 's great-grandfather , grandfather and father are all buried there , about 38 miles east of Fredericksburg , Va. , near the Potomac River .	0
Where was George Washington born ?	George Bush -LRB- 41st President -RRB- : Born June 12 , 1924 , in a house at 173 Adams St. in Milton , Mass .	0
Who was chosen to be the first black chairman of the military Joint Chiefs of Staff ?	He said the troops and guards had been placed under a single , unified command under the overall supervision of General Colin Powell , the chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff .	1
Who was chosen to be the first black chairman of the military Joint Chiefs of Staff ?	If General Colin Powell , chairman of the joint chiefs of staff and Gulf war hero , ran with Mr Bush it might be easy to argue that ditching Mr Quayle was not an act of desperation .	1
Who was chosen to be the first black chairman of the military Joint Chiefs of Staff ?	In the US , General Colin Powell , chairman of the joint chiefs of staff , added his voice to the US administration 's criticism of the expulsions .	1
Who was chosen to be the first black chairman of the military Joint Chiefs of Staff ?	GENERAL Colin Powell confirmed yesterday he was thinking of retiring early as chairman of the US joint chiefs of staff , but flatly denied this was because of disagreements with the Clinton administration .	1
Who was chosen to be the first black chairman of the military Joint Chiefs of Staff ?	Gen Powell 's second two-year term as chairman of the joint chiefs is to expire at the end of September .	1
Who was chosen to be the first black chairman of the military Joint Chiefs of Staff ?	Gen Powell , 55 and black , is rated a phenomenally successful chairman of the joint chiefs , and not only because of the victory in the Gulf war .	1
Who was chosen to be the first black chairman of the military Joint Chiefs of Staff ?	US military officials confirmed yesterday that General Colin Powell , chairman of the US joint chiefs of staff , had held informal talks with Nato colleagues about options for intervening in the war , including the use of bombers .	1
Who was chosen to be the first black chairman of the military Joint Chiefs of Staff ?	US military officials confirmed yesterday that General Colin Powell , chairman of the US Joint Chiefs of Staff , had held informal talks with Nato colleagues about options for intervening in the war , including the use of bombers .	1
Who was chosen to be the first black chairman of the military Joint Chiefs of Staff ?	Gen. Colin L. Powell , chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff , said Sunday that the armed forces offer black Americans equal opportunity with whites `` more so than any other form of endeavor in our society . ''	1
Who was chosen to be the first black chairman of the military Joint Chiefs of Staff ?	Powell , the first black to hold the nation 's highest uniformed rank , also said he does not believe that the all -volunteer U.S. forces have become disproportionately black .	1
Who was chosen to be the first black chairman of the military Joint Chiefs of Staff ?	probed the Administration 's tolerance for strategic weapons cuts in a lively exchange with Gen. Colin L. Powell , chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff .	1
Who was chosen to be the first black chairman of the military Joint Chiefs of Staff ?	Gen. Colin L. Powell is chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff , and William H. Gray III is House majority whip .	1
Who was chosen to be the first black chairman of the military Joint Chiefs of Staff ?	At 52 , Powell would be the youngest chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff .	1
Who was chosen to be the first black chairman of the military Joint Chiefs of Staff ?	President Bush , passing over several more senior officers , today chose Army Gen. Colin Powell to be the first black chairman of the military Joint Chiefs of Staff .	1
Who was chosen to be the first black chairman of the military Joint Chiefs of Staff ?	If his appointment is confirmed by the Senate , Powell will become the first black to hold the chairmanship of the Joint Chiefs of Staff .	1
Who was chosen to be the first black chairman of the military Joint Chiefs of Staff ?	Gen. Colin L. Powell , 52 , won unanimous approval from the Senate Armed Services Committee on Wednesday to be chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff , with both Republicans and Democrats hailing him as an outstanding choice .	1
Who was chosen to be the first black chairman of the military Joint Chiefs of Staff ?	Plans go out the window when the first shot is fired , Gen. Colin L. Powell , chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff , noted in describing the first hours of the Panama operation last winter .	1
Who was chosen to be the first black chairman of the military Joint Chiefs of Staff ?	The problems prompted a visit to Saudi Arabia this week by Gen. Colin L. Powell , chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff .	1
Who was chosen to be the first black chairman of the military Joint Chiefs of Staff ?	The plan sparked significant controversy among lawmakers briefed Tuesday by Defense Secretary Dick Cheney and Gen. Colin L. Powell , chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff .	1
Who was chosen to be the first black chairman of the military Joint Chiefs of Staff ?	In the meantime , Powell was the only member of the Joint Chiefs of Staff to meet with him .	1
Who was chosen to be the first black chairman of the military Joint Chiefs of Staff ?	Members of the Panamanian Defense Forces resist the United States invasion of their country , and Joint Chiefs of Staff Chairman Colin Powell calls them `` thugs `` and terrorists .	1
Who was chosen to be the first black chairman of the military Joint Chiefs of Staff ?	'Counterviolence and deportations are not the answer we need to Israel 's legitimate security needs , ' General Powell told a Jewish audience at Yeshiva University in New York .	0
Who was chosen to be the first black chairman of the military Joint Chiefs of Staff ?	Gen Powell said the military had received 'good guidance ' from Mr Clinton and Mr Les Aspin , the new secretary of defence , with both of whom he had 'a fine relationship ' .	0
Who was chosen to be the first black chairman of the military Joint Chiefs of Staff ?	During an interview on ABC-TV 's `` This Week With David Brinkley , '' Powell was asked whether he considers the military system a `` meritocracy '' and whether it is an equal-opportunity employer .	0
Who was chosen to be the first black chairman of the military Joint Chiefs of Staff ?	Powell replied : `` More so than any other form of endeavor in our society .	0
Who was chosen to be the first black chairman of the military Joint Chiefs of Staff ?	Powell likewise contended that this was no time for the nation to let down its guard .	0
Who was chosen to be the first black chairman of the military Joint Chiefs of Staff ?	When Aspin asked if Congress had to fund all 132 planned B-2s for the chiefs to continue endorsing START , Powell said he would have to check that .	0
Who was chosen to be the first black chairman of the military Joint Chiefs of Staff ?	`` All right , sir , '' Powell said .	0
Who was chosen to be the first black chairman of the military Joint Chiefs of Staff ?	Aspin also asked Powell what the military chiefs would do on START if Congress killed the truck -borne Midgetman strategic missile but retained the rail-mobile MX .	0
Who was chosen to be the first black chairman of the military Joint Chiefs of Staff ?	Although the Administration has requested funds for both long-range weapons in its fiscal 1991 budget , Powell said the chiefs probably could live with only the MX .	0
Who was chosen to be the first black chairman of the military Joint Chiefs of Staff ?	Addressing Powell and Defense Secretary Dick Cheney , Aspin asserted that `` change is outracing both our government 's arms control proposals and the defense budget you have put before us .	0
Who was chosen to be the first black chairman of the military Joint Chiefs of Staff ?	Powell would also be a principal adviser to the defense secretary and the National Security Council .	0
Who was chosen to be the first black chairman of the military Joint Chiefs of Staff ?	Bush is expected to announce his choice of Powell , who served as former President Ronald Reagan 's sixth national security adviser , this afternoon .	0
Who was chosen to be the first black chairman of the military Joint Chiefs of Staff ?	Powell would replace Adm. William J. Crowe Jr. , the outgoing chairman .	0
Who was chosen to be the first black chairman of the military Joint Chiefs of Staff ?	Those who know Powell said that the President would find in him a consensus-seeking adviser sensitive to the vagaries of domestic and diplomatic politics .	0
Who was chosen to be the first black chairman of the military Joint Chiefs of Staff ?	Powell is currently commander in chief of Forces Command , which is responsible for the readiness of military units stationed in the United States .	0
Who was chosen to be the first black chairman of the military Joint Chiefs of Staff ?	Pentagon sources said that Powell appeared to be Defense Secretary Dick Cheney 's strong preference for the senior military post .	0
Who was chosen to be the first black chairman of the military Joint Chiefs of Staff ?	Powell met with Cheney at the Pentagon on Tuesday to discuss the job , sources said .	0
Who was chosen to be the first black chairman of the military Joint Chiefs of Staff ?	Powell won praise from lawmakers for helping to restore order to the White House National Security Council in the wake of disclosures that an NSC operation sold arms to Iran and diverted the profits to the rebels in Nicaragua .	0
Who was chosen to be the first black chairman of the military Joint Chiefs of Staff ?	At the time of the Iran-Contra scandal , Powell had been the military aide to then- Defense Secretary Caspar W. Weinberger .	0
Who was chosen to be the first black chairman of the military Joint Chiefs of Staff ?	In that capacity , Powell administered the transfer of anti- tank missiles from Army stocks to Iran .	0
Who was chosen to be the first black chairman of the military Joint Chiefs of Staff ?	But Powell escaped criticism for his role in the affair and later in his capacity as national security adviser , even after many experts recommended that military officers should be barred from holding the sensitive White House position .	0
Who was chosen to be the first black chairman of the military Joint Chiefs of Staff ?	The Senate is expected to confirm Powell , whose name has been widely circulated as Crowe 's successor , without controversy .	0
Who was chosen to be the first black chairman of the military Joint Chiefs of Staff ?	`` Powell 's strength would fit right into the Crowe mold , in that he 's got a strategic sense as well as a good sense of military operation , '' one Capitol Hill aide said .	0
Who was chosen to be the first black chairman of the military Joint Chiefs of Staff ?	In choosing Powell for the post , Bush passed over several more senior candidates .	0
Who was chosen to be the first black chairman of the military Joint Chiefs of Staff ?	Powell was born in New York , the son of Jamaican immigrants , and is a graduate of City University of New York .	0
Who was chosen to be the first black chairman of the military Joint Chiefs of Staff ?	At the White House , Powell 's modest approach was highly praised -- and criticized .	0
Who was chosen to be the first black chairman of the military Joint Chiefs of Staff ?	Powell , 52 , a four-star general who is believed certain to win confirmation from the Senate , would replace Navy Adm. William Crowe in the country 's top military job on Oct. 1 .	0
Who was chosen to be the first black chairman of the military Joint Chiefs of Staff ?	Bush , Cheney and Powell also discussed the possibility of activating 200,000 reservists -- the maximum allowed by law unless the country is at war .	0
Who was chosen to be the first black chairman of the military Joint Chiefs of Staff ?	`` But now that we 're on top and looking over that cliff , there are still more rivers to cross , '' Powell said .	0
Who was chosen to be the first black chairman of the military Joint Chiefs of Staff ?	Powell 's tribute to black soldiers and sailors received spirited applause .	0
Who was chosen to be the first black chairman of the military Joint Chiefs of Staff ?	`` We must never send them forth to freedom 's defense unready or to the call of an uncertain trumpet , '' Powell said , referring to the prospect of flagging public and governmental support for future military commitments .	0
Who was chosen to be the first black chairman of the military Joint Chiefs of Staff ?	`` Except for in Central America , we even see Soviet foreign policy being more responsible , '' Powell said .	0
Who was chosen to be the first black chairman of the military Joint Chiefs of Staff ?	`` What we are seeing is a process that will take years and decades , not months , to unfold , '' Powell said .	0
Who was chosen to be the first black chairman of the military Joint Chiefs of Staff ?	However , Powell stopped short of echoing the controversial views of Defense Secretary Dick Cheney , who predicted earlier this year that Gorbachev would fail in his reforms and be replaced by a more hard-line Soviet leader .	0
Who was chosen to be the first black chairman of the military Joint Chiefs of Staff ?	Powell would be the principal military adviser to Cheney and to President Bush , and a key voice in a presidential decision to commit forces to trouble spots abroad .	0
Who was chosen to be the first black chairman of the military Joint Chiefs of Staff ?	Powell , who became an Army officer 10 years after a presidential order ended segregation in the military , applauded the role that the armed forces have played in breaking down racial barriers .	0
Who was chosen to be the first black chairman of the military Joint Chiefs of Staff ?	The Senate panel voted 20 to 0 to recommend Powell 's nomination to the full Senate .	0
Who was chosen to be the first black chairman of the military Joint Chiefs of Staff ?	If confirmed , Powell , who would be the youngest officer to head the Joint Chiefs , would replace Adm. William J. Crowe Jr. on Oct. 1 .	0
Who was chosen to be the first black chairman of the military Joint Chiefs of Staff ?	The committee action came after several hours of a confirmation hearing at which Powell told the panel that he has `` some level of confidence '' that reforms might succeed in the Soviet Union .	0
Who was chosen to be the first black chairman of the military Joint Chiefs of Staff ?	`` It 's very premature to start basing any of our plans and programs and actions '' on assumptions of Gorbachev 's success , said Powell .	0
Who was chosen to be the first black chairman of the military Joint Chiefs of Staff ?	told Powell : `` We certainly , I think , have to be prepared for backward steps to occur in the Soviet Union .	0
Who was chosen to be the first black chairman of the military Joint Chiefs of Staff ?	Echoing praise for Powell , who would be the first black to head the nation 's military services , Sen. Albert Gore Jr. -LRB- D - Tenn. -RRB-	0
Who was chosen to be the first black chairman of the military Joint Chiefs of Staff ?	called Powell 's appointment `` one of the finest appointments that our President has made . ''	0
Who was chosen to be the first black chairman of the military Joint Chiefs of Staff ?	Nunn said that Powell offered `` tremendous .	0
Who was chosen to be the first black chairman of the military Joint Chiefs of Staff ?	Powell now serves as commander of the U.S. Forces Command , which oversees all U.S. -based troops .	0
Who was chosen to be the first black chairman of the military Joint Chiefs of Staff ?	Responding to lawmaker 's concerns , Powell said that he would make the military 's role in the drug war one of his top priorities .	0
Who was chosen to be the first black chairman of the military Joint Chiefs of Staff ?	`` I have no reservations and I know that none of my colleagues have any reservations , '' said Powell .	0
Who was chosen to be the first black chairman of the military Joint Chiefs of Staff ?	Powell devised the plan while he was commander of the U.S. Forces Command , which is responsible for arming and training U.S. -based Army forces for the defense of the continental United States .	0
Who was chosen to be the first black chairman of the military Joint Chiefs of Staff ?	In an interview with a French radio station , Powell said that he does not believe that war in the Persian Gulf is imminent , despite the recent announcement that another 200,000 American troops will be dispatched there .	0
Who was chosen to be the first black chairman of the military Joint Chiefs of Staff ?	`` We hope this show of resolve will convince Mr. Saddam Hussein that he should withdraw his forces , '' Powell said .	0
Who was chosen to be the first black chairman of the military Joint Chiefs of Staff ?	Powell and Defense Secretary Dick Cheney both sought to counter earlier damaging testimony from former defense officials and others who said that sanctions against Iraq could work and that going to war would be a costly mistake .	0
Who was chosen to be the first black chairman of the military Joint Chiefs of Staff ?	Cheney and Powell both vehemently defended the strategy , arguing that international resolve to confront Hussein over his invasion and annexation of Kuwait may begin to waiver before he does .	0
Who was chosen to be the first black chairman of the military Joint Chiefs of Staff ?	In his statement , Powell derided as uninformed such officials as former Navy Secretary James H. Webb and independent military strategist Edward Luttwak , who questioned whether Powell had reflected concerns of his subordinates when taking with the President .	0
Who was chosen to be the first black chairman of the military Joint Chiefs of Staff ?	The emotional remarks underscored a widening rift between Powell and some former Reagan Administration defense chiefs , such as his predecessor as chairman of the Joint Chiefs , retired Adm. William J. Crowe Jr. , and Webb .	0
Who was chosen to be the first black chairman of the military Joint Chiefs of Staff ?	Powell made his comments just two days after the President met with him and the chiefs of staff of the Army , Navy , Air Force and Marine Corps to hear their views on Operation Desert Shield .	0
Who was chosen to be the first black chairman of the military Joint Chiefs of Staff ?	The grumbling is fed by some in the military services who consider Powell more of a political general than one in tune with the troops .	0
Who was chosen to be the first black chairman of the military Joint Chiefs of Staff ?	The suggestion that Powell has neglected service concerns drew immediate denials from the Army and the Marine Corps .	0
Who was chosen to be the first black chairman of the military Joint Chiefs of Staff ?	Powell said Monday that he had met with all the service chiefs `` some 30 times '' in the last four months and that he has met individually with them daily .	0
Who was chosen to be the first black chairman of the military Joint Chiefs of Staff ?	`` The political leadership of this nation is enjoying solid , competent military advice from myself as well as from the other members of the Joint Chiefs of Staff , '' Powell said .	0
Who was chosen to be the first black chairman of the military Joint Chiefs of Staff ?	Powell served during the Reagan Administration as White House national security adviser , and was widely considered a moderate in the Reagan White House .	0
Who was chosen to be the first black chairman of the military Joint Chiefs of Staff ?	Powell also made a pitch for reservists during his testimony , saying that their participation `` has been a significant factor in affording us flexibility and balance . ''	0
Who was chosen to be the first black chairman of the military Joint Chiefs of Staff ?	Bush closely questioned Powell and other military officials about the details of their plan for a massive attack .	0
Who was chosen to be the first black chairman of the military Joint Chiefs of Staff ?	In a television broadcast to the nation , Mr Bush condemned the two days of violence that followed the acquittal of four Los Angeles policemen accused of beating Mr Rodney King , a black motorist .	0
Who was chosen to be the first black chairman of the military Joint Chiefs of Staff ?	VIOLENCE IN THE US Page 3 Tough action to quell anarchy across US Politicians take common line across race and party divide Black leaders demand action from Bush Page 9 America 's racial tensions at snapping point	0
Who was chosen to be the first black chairman of the military Joint Chiefs of Staff ?	Mr Baker will come in over the heads of Mr Sam Skinner , the White House chief of staff , and Mr Robert Teeter , titular campaign chairman and also an old friend .	0
Who was chosen to be the first black chairman of the military Joint Chiefs of Staff ?	'The Yugoslav tragedy , ' she said , 'illustrates that military power still matters in Europe ' .	0
Who was chosen to be the first black chairman of the military Joint Chiefs of Staff ?	The general was also at pains to stress that the military at large was not distressed by the new policies .	0
Who was chosen to be the first black chairman of the military Joint Chiefs of Staff ?	He reiterated his 'concerns ' about admitting gays to the military , but said the president 's guidance on the issue was clear and he was not about to be 'insubordinate ' by frustrating it .	0
Who was chosen to be the first black chairman of the military Joint Chiefs of Staff ?	Nato chiefs have not excluded the use of air strikes in Bosnia but have warned about serious difficulties and risks involved in such a policy .	0
Who was chosen to be the first black chairman of the military Joint Chiefs of Staff ?	Field Marshal Sir Richard Vincent , the committee chairman , said there was no indication that Nato military authorities would be asked to draw up plans for air strikes .	0
Who was chosen to be the first black chairman of the military Joint Chiefs of Staff ?	PRESIDENT Bill Clinton said yesterday the US should not intervene in Bosnia without the support of its allies , despite the mounting pressure on the administration to take some kind of military action against the Bosnian Serbs .	0
Who was chosen to be the first black chairman of the military Joint Chiefs of Staff ?	The New York Times also reported that 12 mid-level State Department officers handling the Balkan region had implored Secretary of State Warren Christopher to end 'western capitulation to Serbian aggression ' and use military force in Bosnia .	0
Who was chosen to be the first black chairman of the military Joint Chiefs of Staff ?	Mr Christopher has been reluctant to embrace military options and warned this week that air strikes might halt the UN relief operations in Bosnia .	0
Who was chosen to be the first black chairman of the military Joint Chiefs of Staff ?	This argument against military action has also been deployed by Britain and France , both of which have troops under the UN flag in Bosnia .	0
Who was chosen to be the first black chairman of the military Joint Chiefs of Staff ?	European Community foreign ministers will discuss the full range of military and diplomatic options to end the fighting in Bosnia at Hindsgavl Castle , near Copenhagen , today .	0
Who was chosen to be the first black chairman of the military Joint Chiefs of Staff ?	I 'm very proud of what we have done in the military over the years and I think , for the most part , it is a meritocracy .	0
Who was chosen to be the first black chairman of the military Joint Chiefs of Staff ?	Later , Committee Chairman Sam Nunn -LRB- D -Ga . -RRB-	0
Who was chosen to be the first black chairman of the military Joint Chiefs of Staff ?	He argued that Bush 's budget fails to reflect a dramatically diminished Soviet military threat and a massive upgrading of U.S. strategic weapons in the last decade .	0
Who was chosen to be the first black chairman of the military Joint Chiefs of Staff ?	At a hearing on President Bush 's defense budget , House Armed Services Committee Chairman Les Aspin -LRB- D - Wis. -RRB-	0
Who was chosen to be the first black chairman of the military Joint Chiefs of Staff ?	He noted that the chiefs had supported START talks in part because the B-2 could be used to take advantage of proposed rules for counting nuclear warheads under consideration in the negotiations .	0
Who was chosen to be the first black chairman of the military Joint Chiefs of Staff ?	At the House hearing , Aspin led a parade of Democrats and Republicans sharply challenging Cheney 's proposal to close 43 military bases -- including 10 in California -- and to consolidate or realign scores of others .	0
Who was chosen to be the first black chairman of the military Joint Chiefs of Staff ?	The committee chairman said Cheney should have done what his predecessor , Frank C. Carlucci , did in moving to close bases two years ago : propose having a bipartisan commission develop the list .	0
Who was chosen to be the first black chairman of the military Joint Chiefs of Staff ?	`` No , that 's high praise , Mr. Chairman , '' Cheney responded , laughing , `` high praise , indeed . ''	0
Who was chosen to be the first black chairman of the military Joint Chiefs of Staff ?	We already know that the black male is an endangered species in American society .	0
Who was chosen to be the first black chairman of the military Joint Chiefs of Staff ?	The black male is also an endangered species in Hollywood -LRB- `` Few Blacks Ever Reach the Studio Front Office , '' by David J. Fox , July 10 -RRB- .	0
Who was chosen to be the first black chairman of the military Joint Chiefs of Staff ?	Throughout film , television and video , the black male is shown to be , by my definition , non-threatening .	0
Who was chosen to be the first black chairman of the military Joint Chiefs of Staff ?	In most cases where the black has been cast as a primary dominant character in a threatening role , those shows have never survived television .	0
Who was chosen to be the first black chairman of the military Joint Chiefs of Staff ?	This does not happen with black shows .	0
Who was chosen to be the first black chairman of the military Joint Chiefs of Staff ?	Because blacks are the largest users of TV and heavy users of film and video programs , this paucity reinforces the lack of dominant or positive black male role models .	0
Who was chosen to be the first black chairman of the military Joint Chiefs of Staff ?	So what you have is young black kids going to movies and seeing no blacks in leadership roles .	0
Who was chosen to be the first black chairman of the military Joint Chiefs of Staff ?	We need more people who see the black male as an integral part of society .	0
Who was chosen to be the first black chairman of the military Joint Chiefs of Staff ?	There are black mayors such as Tom Bradley .	0
Who was chosen to be the first black chairman of the military Joint Chiefs of Staff ?	I do n't think you can lay at Hollywood 's feet all of the problems and ills plaguing black society .	0
Who was chosen to be the first black chairman of the military Joint Chiefs of Staff ?	He returned to that military post in April after serving as White House national security adviser from December , 1987 , to January , 1989 , when Bush named retired Lt. Gen. Brent Scowcroft to the White House position .	0
Who was chosen to be the first black chairman of the military Joint Chiefs of Staff ?	He would become the 12th chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff since the position was created in 1949 .	0
Who was chosen to be the first black chairman of the military Joint Chiefs of Staff ?	`` He also can look across military service lines and set broader defense priorities .	0
Who was chosen to be the first black chairman of the military Joint Chiefs of Staff ?	The vice chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff , Air Force Gen. Robert T. Herres , was believed to be a contender for the position .	0
Who was chosen to be the first black chairman of the military Joint Chiefs of Staff ?	The chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff normally serves a two-year term , although his tour of duty is determined by the President .	0
Who was chosen to be the first black chairman of the military Joint Chiefs of Staff ?	He is one of 14,425 military reservists and National Guardsmen in Orange County , and if Bush calls them to active duty in the Iraqi conflict , the impact on individuals	0
Who was chosen to be the first black chairman of the military Joint Chiefs of Staff ?	Employees called for involuntary duty in the reserves are entitled to reinstatement in their old job , or an equivalent one , at the same pay they held before their military stint .	0
Who was chosen to be the first black chairman of the military Joint Chiefs of Staff ?	Military officials in Washington said Orange County is home to 400 naval reservists , 1,025 Marine reservists and a substantial number of Army reservists based at Los Alamitos .	0
Who was chosen to be the first black chairman of the military Joint Chiefs of Staff ?	Ray Silvius , a spokesman for Fullerton -based Hughes , said the company grants military leaves to reservists and guarantees that their jobs will be protected until they return .	0
Who was chosen to be the first black chairman of the military Joint Chiefs of Staff ?	At Disneyland , 8,000 full-time employees are guaranteed a military leave of up to 30 days , spokesman Bob Roth said .	0
Who was chosen to be the first black chairman of the military Joint Chiefs of Staff ?	The Los Angeles Times , with 10,000 employees , 1,200 of them in Orange County , grants unpaid military leave to both full- and part-time workers for as long as service is required .	0
Who was chosen to be the first black chairman of the military Joint Chiefs of Staff ?	Employees are not required to apply their vacation time to military leave .	0
Who was chosen to be the first black chairman of the military Joint Chiefs of Staff ?	of Black Journalists .	0
Who was chosen to be the first black chairman of the military Joint Chiefs of Staff ?	The 52-year-old officer , now the commander of all U.S. -based American military forces , was the Ronald Reagan Administration 's sixth national security adviser .	0
Who was chosen to be the first black chairman of the military Joint Chiefs of Staff ?	He said that his appointment `` never would have been possible without the sacrifices of those black soldiers who served this great nation in war for nearly 300 years previously . ''	0
Who was chosen to be the first black chairman of the military Joint Chiefs of Staff ?	`` If you look at the military , you will see the kind of opportunity for advancement that does n't exist in every part of our society , '' he said .	0
Who was chosen to be the first black chairman of the military Joint Chiefs of Staff ?	But he warned that changes in Soviet military capabilities , not budget restraints , should prompt the scale-back and called for continued modernization of long-range nuclear weapons .	0
Who was chosen to be the first black chairman of the military Joint Chiefs of Staff ?	Reflecting the rising skepticism , Senate Armed Services Committee Chairman Sam Nunn -LRB- D -Ga . -RRB-	0
Who was chosen to be the first black chairman of the military Joint Chiefs of Staff ?	In choosing the 31-year veteran to lead the nation 's 2 million troops , President Bush skipped over several more senior military officers .	0
Who was chosen to be the first black chairman of the military Joint Chiefs of Staff ?	`` What people -- some people -- seem to have wanted me to do is to unleash the full military to go in and , quote , 'get Noriega , ' `` said Bush .	0
Who was chosen to be the first black chairman of the military Joint Chiefs of Staff ?	`` I suppose you could have gone to general quarters , but that 's not prudent and that 's not the way I plan to conduct the military or foreign affairs of this country . ''	0
Who was chosen to be the first black chairman of the military Joint Chiefs of Staff ?	They said that account is supported by a cable from U.S. military officials in Panama to Washington .	0
Who was chosen to be the first black chairman of the military Joint Chiefs of Staff ?	`` The F-117 's performance in Panama left it open to question , '' says Bill Arkin , a military critic at the environmental group Greenpeace .	0
Who was chosen to be the first black chairman of the military Joint Chiefs of Staff ?	The Vincennes incident also dramatized the problems of discriminating between civilian and military targets and between friendly and hostile forces .	0
Who was chosen to be the first black chairman of the military Joint Chiefs of Staff ?	With more than two dozen allied armies contemplating joint action against Iraq , and with many of the same weapons in use by both sides , the potential for catastrophic error on the battlefield is magnified , experts said .	0
Who was chosen to be the first black chairman of the military Joint Chiefs of Staff ?	The 19th-Century Prussian general and writer on military strategy , Karl von Clausewitz , called the snafu phenomenon `` friction '' -- the tendency in combat for everything possible to go awry .	0
Who was chosen to be the first black chairman of the military Joint Chiefs of Staff ?	Recent military experiences , from the botched Iran hostage rescue mission in 1980 to the successful but less-than-perfect Panama invasion last December , ought to provide a sobering reminder to U.S. generals that war is inherently an unpredictable enterprise .	0
Who was chosen to be the first black chairman of the military Joint Chiefs of Staff ?	He warned that U.S. military leaders should be wary of underestimating Iraq 's capacity to withstand the pain of U.S. aerial bombardment .	0
Who was chosen to be the first black chairman of the military Joint Chiefs of Staff ?	More battles have been lost to blunder than to superior firepower or strategy , military analysts noted .	0
Who was chosen to be the first black chairman of the military Joint Chiefs of Staff ?	After leaving the army , he devoted much of his time to writing about the military .	0
Who was chosen to be the first black chairman of the military Joint Chiefs of Staff ?	It is a book that has cast an indelible stamp on all subsequent military thought .	0
Who was chosen to be the first black chairman of the military Joint Chiefs of Staff ?	National Guard and Reserve forces have been used to watch border areas in the past but the INS-Marine Corps agreement marks the first assignment of full-time military personnel to such activity .	0
Who was chosen to be the first black chairman of the military Joint Chiefs of Staff ?	The joint efforts will be conducted primarily along the southern borders of Arizona and California , a Justice Department official said .	0
Who was chosen to be the first black chairman of the military Joint Chiefs of Staff ?	`` Some areas designated for joint training are heavily trafficked by drug smugglers , '' the memorandum said .	0
Who was chosen to be the first black chairman of the military Joint Chiefs of Staff ?	The military 's role is tightly circumscribed by the Civil War-era Posse Comitatus Act , which bars the use of military forces for domestic law enforcement .	0
Who was chosen to be the first black chairman of the military Joint Chiefs of Staff ?	Defense officials said that under both initiatives the military 's experience with night-vision equipment would bring a major new capability to the drug interdiction effort in the Southwest .	0
Who was chosen to be the first black chairman of the military Joint Chiefs of Staff ?	`` During night joint training operations , emphasis will be on ground reconnaissance , selection and manning of observation posts and the employment of night observation devices , '' the memorandum said .	0
Who was chosen to be the first black chairman of the military Joint Chiefs of Staff ?	The move to upgrade the U.N. military arm is intended to help overcome the many problems of coordination that have arisen as multinational forces have gathered in the Persian Gulf .	0
Who was chosen to be the first black chairman of the military Joint Chiefs of Staff ?	The move also is aimed at accommodating the Soviet Union , which began pressing even before the gulf crisis to have the U.N. Military Staff Committee given new power .	0
Who was chosen to be the first black chairman of the military Joint Chiefs of Staff ?	Last month , Soviet Foreign Minister Eduard A. Shevardnadze proposed that the United Nations set up a rapid-response force made up of military units from several countries to handle future emergencies like Iraq 's invasion of Kuwait .	0
Who was chosen to be the first black chairman of the military Joint Chiefs of Staff ?	U.S. officials emphasized that the bolstering of the Military Staff Committee will not amount to setting up a formal U.N. military command .	0
Who was chosen to be the first black chairman of the military Joint Chiefs of Staff ?	A European diplomat suggested that the Military Staff Committee could provide a vehicle that would ease the concerns of countries such as France about having their troops in Saudi Arabia put under American direction .	0
Who was chosen to be the first black chairman of the military Joint Chiefs of Staff ?	`` It 's for sure that the Americans will play the most important role '' in the U.N. effort at military coordination , this diplomat said Tuesday .	0
Who was chosen to be the first black chairman of the military Joint Chiefs of Staff ?	The U.N. Military Staff Committee is made up of military officers from the United States , the Soviet Union , Britain , France and China .	0
Who was chosen to be the first black chairman of the military Joint Chiefs of Staff ?	Under the U.N. Charter , the committee was supposed to direct any military forces established by the Security Council .	0
Who was chosen to be the first black chairman of the military Joint Chiefs of Staff ?	But during the Cold War years , the Security Council was too divided to agree on any tasks for its military arm , which conducted only brief meetings involving low-level officers such as majors or colonels .	0
Who was chosen to be the first black chairman of the military Joint Chiefs of Staff ?	In 1987 , Soviet President Mikhail S. Gorbachev suggested that the Military Staff Committee be empowered to take on new tasks such as directing U.N. peacekeeping forces .	0
Who was chosen to be the first black chairman of the military Joint Chiefs of Staff ?	Since then , Soviet officials have kept pressing to give the U.N. military arm a larger role .	0
Who was chosen to be the first black chairman of the military Joint Chiefs of Staff ?	`` We must put life into the Military Staff Committee , '' Soviet Foreign Ministry spokesman Gennady I. Gerasimov said last month .	0
Who was chosen to be the first black chairman of the military Joint Chiefs of Staff ?	Two weeks ago , Soviet Deputy Foreign Minister Vladimir F. Petrovsky proposed that the committee convene at the level of the military chiefs of staff .	0
Who was chosen to be the first black chairman of the military Joint Chiefs of Staff ?	`` The results of this effort to rely on the Military Staff Committee could be very important , not only for the Iraq crisis but for the next 20 years , '' the European diplomat said .	0
Who was chosen to be the first black chairman of the military Joint Chiefs of Staff ?	As a result , the United States has sought to conduct joint exercises with forces in adjoining positions .	0
Who was chosen to be the first black chairman of the military Joint Chiefs of Staff ?	There is no indication , however , that other units have yet begun similar joint training .	0
Who was chosen to be the first black chairman of the military Joint Chiefs of Staff ?	The exercise , which will simulate a tactic likely to be used in any actual U.S. military offensive , will be the first conducted in Saudi Arabia since Iraq 's Aug. 2 invasion of Kuwait .	0
Who was chosen to be the first black chairman of the military Joint Chiefs of Staff ?	At the same time , the exercise represents one of the most provocative gestures that the U.S. military has taken toward Iraqi troops dug into largely defensive positions just inside Kuwait .	0
Who was chosen to be the first black chairman of the military Joint Chiefs of Staff ?	The Pentagon 's acknowledgment of the pending military maneuver came as Bush Administration officials tried to quell growing concern on Capitol Hill that the United States is pressing to initiate hostilities soon against Iraq .	0
Who was chosen to be the first black chairman of the military Joint Chiefs of Staff ?	Sources at the Pentagon , however , acknowledged that this weekend 's activity , which follows two previous exercises staged on the beaches of Oman , is designed to underscore U.S. military readiness for operations against Iraqi troops .	0
Who was chosen to be the first black chairman of the military Joint Chiefs of Staff ?	`` It 's close enough to get their attention , that 's for sure , '' said one military officer familiar with the plans .	0
Who was chosen to be the first black chairman of the military Joint Chiefs of Staff ?	But he added that the planned expansion of the U.S. force in the gulf will require the Pentagon 's civilian leaders to extend the other military services ' reserve call-up authority .	0
Who was chosen to be the first black chairman of the military Joint Chiefs of Staff ?	The two military leaders argued that Iraqi President Saddam Hussein could ride out sanctions , and Cheney testified that `` it is far better for us to deal with him now . ''	0
Who was chosen to be the first black chairman of the military Joint Chiefs of Staff ?	Also Monday , Cheney raised to 188,000 the maximum number of military reservists who can be ordered to duty in Operation Desert Shield .	0
Who was chosen to be the first black chairman of the military Joint Chiefs of Staff ?	He said the Administration initially underestimated Iraq 's ability to substantially expand its food production and mobilize its military resources in the face of an embargo .	0
Who was chosen to be the first black chairman of the military Joint Chiefs of Staff ?	Sparring with Cheney , Armed Services Committee Chairman Sam Nunn -LRB- D -Ga. -RRB- said the Administration seems willing to dismiss the effect of sanctions too quickly .	0
Who was chosen to be the first black chairman of the military Joint Chiefs of Staff ?	Cheney described the Administration 's moves as a `` multi-track approach '' of applying economic pressure through sanctions , military pressure through continuing troop deployments and the `` exercise of a diplomatic alternative as well . ''	0
Who was chosen to be the first black chairman of the military Joint Chiefs of Staff ?	The meeting came after a flurry of complaints by some military officials that the services were being left out of the planning process .	0
Who was chosen to be the first black chairman of the military Joint Chiefs of Staff ?	`` He was very concerned about the loss of life , '' said a senior government official , `` but he also understands the role of the military and that they take those risks with pride . ''	0
Who was chosen to be the first black chairman of the military Joint Chiefs of Staff ?	Outwardly he has made almost a fetish of sticking to a business-as-usual schedule since he met secretly with aides Sunday night to approve specific plans for the massive military strike .	0
Who was chosen to be the first black chairman of the military Joint Chiefs of Staff ?	He was not only deeply involved in the military planning ; he also has been closely monitoring the results of the operation at every stage .	0
Who was chosen to be the first black chairman of the military Joint Chiefs of Staff ?	Yet for Bush and for every President , the decision to send military forces into action is a plunge into the unknown and the unknowable .	0
Who was chosen to be the first black chairman of the military Joint Chiefs of Staff ?	The President himself is well aware of these factors , said a senior aide , who described Bush as `` intense but unemotional '' Sunday as he questioned military officials about their plans to invade Panama .	0
Who was chosen to be the first black chairman of the military Joint Chiefs of Staff ?	The aide said the President had made up his mind to take some kind of action against Noriega even before the Sunday afternoon White House meeting at which he decided to launch a massive military strike .	0
Who was chosen to be the first black chairman of the military Joint Chiefs of Staff ?	White House Press Secretary Marlin Fitzwater said the President may stop off at the military hospital in San Antonio where servicemen wounded in Panama are being treated .	0
Who was chosen to be the first black chairman of the military Joint Chiefs of Staff ?	`` But he 's genuinely pleased about the way the military performed , and he has assured himself that what he is doing is the right thing and realistic under the circumstances . ''	0
Who was chosen to be the first black chairman of the military Joint Chiefs of Staff ?	His tendency to minimize the significance of events and dampen expectations might not serve him well during a military crisis .	0
Who was chosen to be the first black chairman of the military Joint Chiefs of Staff ?	The United States stages a massive military invasion of Panama , a tiny sovereign country , and installs its chosen candidate as the new head of state .	0
Who won the Nobel Peace Prize in 1991 ?	The diplomat predicted Nobel Peace prize laureate Aung San Suu Kyi , whose National Democratic League -LRB- NLD -RRB- overwhelmingly won elections in 1990 , would remain under house arrest though her sentence technically ends next July .	1
Who won the Nobel Peace Prize in 1991 ?	Suu Kyi , a Nobel Peace Prize laureate , has been under house arrest in Yangon since July 1989 .	1
Who won the Nobel Peace Prize in 1991 ?	It has kept the 1991 Nobel peace prize winner , Aung San Suu Kyi - leader of the opposition party which won a landslide victory in the poll - under house arrest since July 1989 .	1
Who won the Nobel Peace Prize in 1991 ?	In addition , the Slorc does not know what to do about Ms Aung San Suu Kyi , who won the Nobel Peace Prize in 1991 .	1
Who won the Nobel Peace Prize in 1991 ?	Ms Suu Kyi won the prize in 1991 and has been held under house arrest for over three years by Rangoon 's military junta .	1
Who won the Nobel Peace Prize in 1991 ?	The Oxford -educated Ms Suu Kyi , who won the Nobel Peace Prize in 1991 , has refused to leave the country in exchange for her release .	1
Who won the Nobel Peace Prize in 1991 ?	Myanmar 's -LSB- Burma 's -RSB- ruling military junta may release opposition leader Aung San Suu Kyi , under house arrest since July 1989 , in July this year , a Myanmar official said Monday -LSB- 17 January -RSB- .	0
Who won the Nobel Peace Prize in 1991 ?	THE fate of Burma 's detained popular leader Aung San Suu Kyi remains uncertain despite earlier speculation she will be released in July , five years after she was placed under house arrest .	0
Who won the Nobel Peace Prize in 1991 ?	They cited the government 's refusal to release Nobel Peace Prize winner Aung San Suu Kyi who has been under house arrest for five years .	0
Who won the Nobel Peace Prize in 1991 ?	In May 1990 national elections the National League for Democracy -LRB- NLD -RRB- , led by Aung San Suu Kyi , won a landslide victory , but the military junta has refused to hand over power .	0
Who won the Nobel Peace Prize in 1991 ?	Officials said Kakizawa also called for the release of opposition leader Aung San Suu Kyi .	0
Who won the Nobel Peace Prize in 1991 ?	Detained Burmese opposition leader Aung San Suu Kyi won the award last year .	0
Who won the Nobel Peace Prize in 1991 ?	'Without the participation of Aung San Suu Kyi , the national convention will be regarded as a hoax by the majority of the Burmese people , ' says one Burmese doctor in Rangoon .	0
Who won the Nobel Peace Prize in 1991 ?	The chief architect of Mandalay 's free-wheeling economic policy is General Tun Kyi , who until recently was the region 's all-powerful military commander .	0
Who won the Nobel Peace Prize in 1991 ?	'Tun Kyi is the godfather of Mandalay , ' says one Burmese businessman .	0
Who won the Nobel Peace Prize in 1991 ?	Gen Tun Kyi has been recalled to Rangoon , ostensibly to become trade minister , but actually , diplomats believe , because his military colleagues feared he was becoming too powerful in his Mandalay fiefdom .	0
Who won the Nobel Peace Prize in 1991 ?	Gen Tun Kyi and his Chinese friends , however , seem to be holding their own .	0
Who won the Nobel Peace Prize in 1991 ?	The campaign to release Ms Suu Kyi marks a break from the traditional South-East Asian policy of 'constructive engagement ' with Burma .	0
Who won the Nobel Peace Prize in 1991 ?	Burma 's military junta yesterday brushed off international appeals for the release of opposition leader Ms Aung San Suu Kyi and threatened to keep her under house arrest until 1995 .	0
Who won the Nobel Peace Prize in 1991 ?	The international standing of Ms Suu Kyi , her popularity within Burma and her continued defiance are an embarrassment to the junta .	0
Who won the Nobel Peace Prize in 1991 ?	Ms Suu Kyi is a beacon of hope for pro-democracy activists as they watch the junta engineer a new constitution that would allow the armed forces to continue running the country from behind the scenes .	0
Who won the Nobel Peace Prize in 1991 ?	They crushed a popular uprising in 1988 and allowed an election two years later which - to their discomfit - was won convincingly by Ms Suu Kyi 's National League for Democracy .	0
Who won the Nobel Peace Prize in 1991 ?	Col Kyaw Win said yesterday Ms Suu Kyi would 'interfere with politics and create unrest ' if she were set free within Burma .	0
Who won the Nobel Peace Prize in 1991 ?	Ms Suu Kyi has challenged the junta to respect the results of the election .	0
Who won the Nobel Peace Prize in 1991 ?	Today Ms Aung San Suu Kyi , the Burmese pro-democracy leader and Nobel peace prize winner , marks the beginning of her sixth year under house arrest in Rangoon .	0
Who won the Nobel Peace Prize in 1991 ?	The visit by Mr David Dain , an assistant under-secretary of state , followed some 'potentially encouraging ' signals from the government , including meetings with the detained opposition leader , Nobel Peace Prize laureate Aung San Suu Kyi .	0
Who won the Nobel Peace Prize in 1991 ?	Burma 's military dictatorship seems likely to kep Ms Aung San Suu Kyi , the Nobel Peace Prize winner and leader of the Burmese democracy movement , under house arrest for several more years , it was revealed yesterday .	0
Who won the Nobel Peace Prize in 1991 ?	There has been speculation that Ms Aung San Suu Kyi , whose family home has been her prison for nearly 6 1/2 years , would be released on January 20 when her current detention order was thought to expire .	0
Who won the Nobel Peace Prize in 1991 ?	National Security Council secretary-general Gen Charan Kunlawanit says he is very satisfied with a compromise reached between Burma 's rulers and some minority groups on a ceasefire ahead of peace talks .	0
Who won the Nobel Peace Prize in 1991 ?	The Burmese junta recently held peace talks with Kachin rebels in the north and with the Mon .	0
Who won the Nobel Peace Prize in 1991 ?	`` Thailand always supports peace talks and clings to the belief that any slaughter of minorities should be condemned by the world community . ''	0
Who won the Nobel Peace Prize in 1991 ?	One thorn still obstructs the peace in Burma , according to Gen Charan , as the junta has to attack the strongholds of opium warlord Khun Sa , who is notoriously influential in Shan State .	0
Who won the Nobel Peace Prize in 1991 ?	He also called current peace negotiations between the council and ten ethnic minority groups an example of `` divide and conquer '' and added : `` There is still a policy of Burmanization . ''	0
Who won the Nobel Peace Prize in 1991 ?	The nobel peace prize winner has been held under house arrest without charge since July 1989 .	0
Who won the Nobel Peace Prize in 1991 ?	MS RIGOBERTA Menchu Tum , the Guatemalan Indian and human rights activist , yesterday won the 1992 Nobel peace prize .	0
Who won the Nobel Peace Prize in 1991 ?	Ms Menchu is the ninth woman to win the Nobel peace prize .	0
Who won the Nobel Peace Prize in 1991 ?	Ms Menchu said last week she would use the prize to set up a foundation in her father 's memory .	0
Who won the Nobel Peace Prize in 1991 ?	No- one believes that the Slorc , which ignored the results of a 1990 election in which the opposition National League for Democracy won more than 80 per cent of the seats , has any intention of yielding power .	0
Who won the Nobel Peace Prize in 1991 ?	But prosperity and the fragile peace on the border have come at a price .	0
Who won the Nobel Peace Prize in 1991 ?	Eight Nobel Peace Prize winners , after being refused entry to Burma , came to neighbouring Thailand to start the campaign for their fellow laureate .	0
Who won the Nobel Peace Prize in 1991 ?	The campaign has won support from the Clinton administration and prizewinners unable to come to Thailand , such as Mother Teresa and Mr Mikhail Gorbachev , former Soviet president .	0
Who won the Nobel Peace Prize in 1991 ?	But Mr Chuan Leekpai , the civilian prime minister elected on a liberal ticket last year , has allowed all the Nobel laureates into the country .	0
Who won the Nobel Peace Prize in 1991 ?	The visiting laureates , including Archbishop Desmond Tutu of South Africa , northern Ireland peace campaigners Ms Betty Williams and Ms Mairead Maguire , and an Amnesty International representative , are to meet Burmese refugees today .	0
What is the legal blood alcohol limit for the state of California ?	The legal limit under California law is 0.10 % .	1
What is the legal blood alcohol limit for the state of California ?	A blood-alcohol level of 0.10 % is considered legally drunk .	1
What is the legal blood alcohol limit for the state of California ?	Under state law , the legal limit at which a person is considered to be driving under the influence of alcohol is .10	1
What is the legal blood alcohol limit for the state of California ?	In January , after a vote by the state Legislature , the legal limit for alcohol in a driver 's bloodstream dropped from .10 % percent to .08 % .	1
What is the legal blood alcohol limit for the state of California ?	If Rausis ' blood-alcohol exceeded 0.10 % , the limit allow by California law , he could have faced felony charges of drunk driving and vehicular manslaughter .	1
What is the legal blood alcohol limit for the state of California ?	With a stern warning to drinkers to stay off the road , Gov. George Deukmejian signed legislation Friday to toughen California 's drunk driving standard -- dropping the legal blood alcohol level from .10 % to .08 %	1
What is the legal blood alcohol limit for the state of California ?	California law recognizes .10 as the legal limit .	1
What is the legal blood alcohol limit for the state of California ?	The legal limit in California is 0.10 .	1
What is the legal blood alcohol limit for the state of California ?	This year in California there have been several significant changes in the drunk driving laws , most notably the new , lower blood alcohol level of .08 % as the legal limit .	1
What is the legal blood alcohol limit for the state of California ?	Under the new law , the existing blood alcohol standard of .10 will drop to .08 .	1
What is the legal blood alcohol limit for the state of California ?	Drunk drivers will have one more obstacle come midnight , as a new state law takes effect that lowers the legal blood alcohol limit from 0.10 to 0.08 .	1
What is the legal blood alcohol limit for the state of California ?	`` Basically , the 0.08 %	0
What is the legal blood alcohol limit for the state of California ?	Carey was given a breath test at the scene that showed a blood-alcohol level of 0.19 % , almost twice the state 's legal limit for intoxication of 0.10 % , authorities said .	0
What is the legal blood alcohol limit for the state of California ?	A breath test showed the driver , Harold Keith Lone , had a blood-alcohol level of 0.27 % , more than three times the new legal limit of 0.08 % .	0
What is the legal blood alcohol limit for the state of California ?	Prosecutors said Depardieu 's blood contained twice the legal alcohol limit of 0.08 % after the July 20 accident , which occurred as the actor drove to a hotel after shooting scenes for a new movie .	0
What is the legal blood alcohol limit for the state of California ?	`` I think there 's no question when it 's .08 % that it is definitely impaired . ''	0
What is the legal blood alcohol limit for the state of California ?	Under the new law that takes effect Jan. 1 , a driver with .08 % or higher is presumed to be drunk ; however , those with lower levels could also be cited for drunk driving .	0
What is the legal blood alcohol limit for the state of California ?	Although he felt unimpaired , he had downed enough beer after work that a Breathalyzer test showed his blood alcohol level to register .08 % , the new legal limit .	0
What is the legal blood alcohol limit for the state of California ?	In the wake of the new .08 %	0
What is the legal blood alcohol limit for the state of California ?	To their delight , law enforcement officers say the new law -- which lowers the legal limit from .10 % to .08 % -- is allowing them to snare a new kind of drunk driver .	0
What is the legal blood alcohol limit for the state of California ?	almost 10 % , or 11,000 , drivers arrested statewide so far this year by the California Highway Patrol had a level of .10 % or less . -RRB-	0
What is the legal blood alcohol limit for the state of California ?	But the tougher laws have also had some unintended consequences : Many more drivers are choosing to fight the charges in court , believing they are unimpaired at the .08 %	0
What is the legal blood alcohol limit for the state of California ?	`` Increased conviction is increased deterrent as far as we are concerned -- the .08	0
What is the legal blood alcohol limit for the state of California ?	Traffic experts believe this sanction will probably do more to keep drunk drivers off the road than the .08 %	0
What is the legal blood alcohol limit for the state of California ?	Under the license suspension law , officers can seize the licenses of those arrested on suspicion of drunk driving if their blood alcohol level is .08 % or higher .	0
What is the legal blood alcohol limit for the state of California ?	The correct level is .08 % .	0
What is the legal blood alcohol limit for the state of California ?	Blood-alcohol tests administered to Covey after the accident showed that he did have a blood-alcohol level above 0.10 % , the level at which a driver is legally intoxicated , Yackle said .	0
What is the legal blood alcohol limit for the state of California ?	A 150-pound person could have three drinks in an hour and still register below the .10	0
What is the legal blood alcohol limit for the state of California ?	California is one of only four states to adopt the restrictive .08	0
What is the legal blood alcohol limit for the state of California ?	Sen. Bill Leonard -LRB- R - Big Bear -RRB- , the author of the law , said medical evidence overwhelmingly demonstrates that people are intoxicated when their blood alcohol level reaches .08 % .	0
What is the legal blood alcohol limit for the state of California ?	The amount of alcohol that will produce a .08	0
What is the legal blood alcohol limit for the state of California ?	But for a person who weighs between 90 and 149 pounds , three drinks consumed during a two-hour period is almost certain to produce a blood alcohol level of .08 , according to the CHP .	0
What is the legal blood alcohol limit for the state of California ?	After years of rejecting the lower level , the Legislature agreed this year to adopt the .08	0
What is the legal blood alcohol limit for the state of California ?	CHP Commissioner Maury Hannigan said the adoption of the .08	0
What is the legal blood alcohol limit for the state of California ?	Reviewing other new laws that took effect this week , officials of the district attorney 's office portrayed them generally as a refinement of existing state laws rather than any significant departure from the past .	0
What is the legal blood alcohol limit for the state of California ?	A Lancaster woman was sentenced to 16 months in prison Wednesday in the death of a motorcyclist whom she hit while driving under the influence of alcohol .	0
What is the legal blood alcohol limit for the state of California ?	The report also said that Carey had been arrested for driving under the influence of alcohol in 1981 and had been attending an alcohol -treatment program since the 1987 accident .	0
What is the legal blood alcohol limit for the state of California ?	A state Assembly committee will look into the hiring practices and supervision at Laidlaw Transit , the largest school transportation contractor in Los Angeles , following the arrests of two Laidlaw employees accused of driving buses while drunk .	0
What is the legal blood alcohol limit for the state of California ?	Katz also said several state agencies agreed Monday to improve screening of applicants for jobs as bus drivers .	0
What is the legal blood alcohol limit for the state of California ?	Katz said representatives of the Department of Justice , the California Highway Patrol and the Department of Motor Vehicles agreed to speed up state fingerprint checks and stop issuing temporary driver certifications as of June 1 .	0
What is the legal blood alcohol limit for the state of California ?	Currently , 618 drivers in the state are working with temporary permits while their backgrounds are checked .	0
What is the legal blood alcohol limit for the state of California ?	However , some district administrators expressed concern that the state 's actions could lead to a shortage of drivers .	0
What is the legal blood alcohol limit for the state of California ?	On Monday , Daley said he also plans to train staff members who have contact with drivers , such as dispatchers , field supervisors and trainers , in ways to detect and report suspected drug or alcohol use .	0
What is the legal blood alcohol limit for the state of California ?	He said mixing alcohol and the transport of children is `` unacceptable , unconscionable . ''	0
What is the legal blood alcohol limit for the state of California ?	The level of injuries in this case lead me to believe that this ought to be a state prison sentence . ''	0
What is the legal blood alcohol limit for the state of California ?	The tests are being conducted on her blood .	0
What is the legal blood alcohol limit for the state of California ?	The posted speed limit on winding Aliso Hills Drive , where the accident occurred Saturday , is 45 m.p.h. , said Daily , who added that samples of France 's blood were taken three hours after the crash .	0
What is the legal blood alcohol limit for the state of California ?	Raider safety Stacey Toran had a blood-alcohol level more than three times the legal limit when he drove his car into a tree and was killed , the coroner 's office said Thursday .	0
What is the legal blood alcohol limit for the state of California ?	The results of the toxicological examination put Toran 's blood alcohol level at .32 percent when he was killed shortly before midnight last Saturday , county coroner 's spokesman Bob Dambacher said .	0
What is the legal blood alcohol limit for the state of California ?	Toran weighed about 200 pounds , so he presumably would have had to have consumed more alcohol to reach the .32	0
What is the legal blood alcohol limit for the state of California ?	`` Wow , that 's getting almost to the unconscious level , '' said Dr. Ernest Noble , professor of alcohol studies at UCLA .	0
What is the legal blood alcohol limit for the state of California ?	Noble said that a .40 percent level usually causes death by alcohol poisoning .	0
What is the legal blood alcohol limit for the state of California ?	Traffic accidents claimed at least six lives in Los Angeles County over the Labor Day weekend and caused more than 50 fatalities across the state -- a pace that appeared to be slightly greater than last year .	0
What is the legal blood alcohol limit for the state of California ?	CHP Officer Andy Guitierrez attributed some of the increase in drunk driving arrests to a recent lowering of the state 's legal blood alcohol limit .	0
What is the legal blood alcohol limit for the state of California ?	`` The way things are going now , the system 's going to die , '' said Dr. Michael Trainor , an emergency room doctor and president of the state chapter of the American College of Emergency Physicians .	0
What is the legal blood alcohol limit for the state of California ?	Rausis ' blood-alcohol specimen measured 0.01 % alcohol by weight , according to a spokeswoman for the CHP .	0
What is the legal blood alcohol limit for the state of California ?	Suspicion of alcohol involvement stemmed from an ice chest containing beer that was reportedly scattered across I-8 after Rausis ' car overturned .	0
What is the legal blood alcohol limit for the state of California ?	Under the proposal , commercial drivers who are caught with any amount of alcohol at all in their system would be kept off the job for 24 hours .	0
What is the legal blood alcohol limit for the state of California ?	Failure to have those standards in place by 1994 would cost the state an estimated $ 43 million in lost federal highway funds the first year and $ 86 million each year thereafter .	0
What is the legal blood alcohol limit for the state of California ?	Deukmejian said he has not decided whether he agrees with efforts in Congress to tighten drunk driving standards even more -- to a blood alcohol level of .05 % .	0
What is the legal blood alcohol limit for the state of California ?	`` Studies indicate that when somebody 's blood alcohol content level is .05 % or higher for most individuals their driving is impaired , '' Deukmejian said .	0
What is the legal blood alcohol limit for the state of California ?	This chart shows the percentage of alcohol in the blood , for various weight levels , after one hour from the time the first drink was consumed .	0
What is the legal blood alcohol limit for the state of California ?	His license was temporarily suspended after the third conviction , but , according to state Department of Motor Vehicles records , he was driving legally at the time of the accident .	0
What is the legal blood alcohol limit for the state of California ?	I think he knew what his limit was .	0
What is the legal blood alcohol limit for the state of California ?	Wendlandt was arrested in Milwaukee on Feb. 10 , after he was in a street fight , authorities there said .	0
What is the legal blood alcohol limit for the state of California ?	Not only was he arrested , but he was stripped of his driver 's license , a second result of the state 's new and tougher drunk driving laws .	0
What is the legal blood alcohol limit for the state of California ?	Only three other states -- Utah , Maine and Oregon -- have legal blood alcohol limits as low as California .	0
What is the legal blood alcohol limit for the state of California ?	As a result , more drivers have been arrested on state highways than ever before , and drunk driving convictions are approaching an all-time high .	0
What is the legal blood alcohol limit for the state of California ?	They are drivers who were borderline under the old legal limit but clearly can be prosecuted now , officials say .	0
What is the legal blood alcohol limit for the state of California ?	limit -- a claim that medical authorities dispute .	0
What is the legal blood alcohol limit for the state of California ?	The controversy over the lower limit also has been responsible for a rise of as much as 20 % in jury trials in some areas , such as Orange County .	0
What is the legal blood alcohol limit for the state of California ?	At the lower blood alcohol levels drivers do n't `` feel they were under the influence .	0
What is the legal blood alcohol limit for the state of California ?	`` But obviously we would n't be picking up the .08s	0
What is the legal blood alcohol limit for the state of California ?	After being pulled over , he scored a low but still illegal blood alcohol level on the hand-held breath analysis device .	0
What is the legal blood alcohol limit for the state of California ?	Usually , the introduction of a new law heightens awareness of a problem , which , in turn , tends to boost arrests and convictions , said Cliff Helander , research manager of the DMV 's alcohol research unit .	0
What is the legal blood alcohol limit for the state of California ?	Many experts say that by the time an intoxicated driver is punished by the legal system , he has long since forgotten his crime .	0
What is the legal blood alcohol limit for the state of California ?	But many others say the double punch of yanking a license and the lower drinking limit is effective .	0
What is the legal blood alcohol limit for the state of California ?	Lowering the blood alcohol limit for suspected drunk drivers in California has caused an increase in the number of arrests and conviction rates statewide .	0
What is the legal blood alcohol limit for the state of California ?	Alcohol limit -- A headline in Monday 's editions of The Times incorrectly stated the legal blood alcohol limit for California motorists .	0
What is the legal blood alcohol limit for the state of California ?	`` Our issue is not alcohol , it 's driving while under the influence of alcohol , '' Roark said .	0
What is the legal blood alcohol limit for the state of California ?	Other party tips include having someone play the role of bartender rather than have the alcohol free flowing , and to stop serving alcohol an hour before the party 's end , Roark said .	0
What is the legal blood alcohol limit for the state of California ?	If convicted on the charges , all felonies , Covey could be sentenced to a maximum of four years in state prison , a district attorney 's spokeswoman said .	0
What is the legal blood alcohol limit for the state of California ?	As the 1990s begin , law enforcement officers will be armed with a new blood alcohol standard that will reduce the amount of alcohol one can drink before being presumed drunk .	0
What is the legal blood alcohol limit for the state of California ?	But that same person would now have to limit the number of drinks to two in an hour to stay below the new standard .	0
What is the legal blood alcohol limit for the state of California ?	Tonight , he noted , nearly every CHP officer in the state will be on duty and looking for drunk drivers .	0
What is the legal blood alcohol limit for the state of California ?	But beyond New Year 's Eve , state officials hope the stricter standard will help persuade drinkers to change their habits permanently and avoid driving while intoxicated .	0
What is the legal blood alcohol limit for the state of California ?	blood alcohol level standard .	0
What is the legal blood alcohol limit for the state of California ?	Even at as low as a .02 blood alcohol level , drinking can interfere with a driver 's judgment , he said .	0
What is the legal blood alcohol limit for the state of California ?	blood alcohol standard to reduce the number of deaths and fatalities on California 's highways .	0
What is the legal blood alcohol limit for the state of California ?	In 1992 , truck drivers will be subject to a strict blood alcohol standard of .04 .	0
What is the legal blood alcohol limit for the state of California ?	standard for motorists is a recognition of the fact that drivers are affected after consuming smaller amounts of alcohol than the state has acknowledged in the past .	0
What was the target rate for M3 growth in 1992 ?	The Bundesbank 's 1992 M3 growth target is 3.5 to 5.5 pct .	1
What was the target rate for M3 growth in 1992 ?	Its target range for M3 growth of 3 1/2 -5 1/2 per cent in 1992 refers to growth relative to the average level of M3 in the fourth quarter of 1991 .	1
What was the target rate for M3 growth in 1992 ?	The target range for M3 growth in 1992 is 4 - 6 per cent .	1
What was the target rate for M3 growth in 1992 ?	The central bank 's tough interest-rate policy has been based largely on its concern that M3 growth at 9 per cent was well outside its target range of 3.5 - 5.5 per cent .	1
What was the target rate for M3 growth in 1992 ?	The Bundesbank added its money supply target for 1993 would be raised to a range of 4.5 to 6.5 per cent , from 3.5 to 5.5 per cent .	1
What was the target rate for M3 growth in 1992 ?	The Bank of France has a target of 4 to 6 per cent for annual M3 growth in 1992 .	1
What was the target rate for M3 growth in 1992 ?	Interest rate hopes foundered on M3 growth of 10.2 per cent in October against 9.3 per cent in September and a Bundesbank target of 3.5 to 5.5 per cent for 1992 .	1
What was the target rate for M3 growth in 1992 ?	Last year M3 grew at 9.4 per cent compared to a target range of 3.5 to 5.5 per cent , the worst performance since targeting was introduced 18 years before .	1
What was the target rate for M3 growth in 1992 ?	This was still significantly above the 1992 target growth rate of between 3.5 per cent and 5.5 per cent .	0
What was the target rate for M3 growth in 1992 ?	The bank set a target of 3.5 - 5.5 per cent for the year , but concedes this target can not be met .	0
What was the target rate for M3 growth in 1992 ?	The Bundesbank announced that German M3 money supply grew at an annualised rate of 8.5 per cent in February after a 9.0 per cent rise in January .	0
What was the target rate for M3 growth in 1992 ?	NEWS of higher than expected German monetary growth led to early strength in the D -Mark and a slightly weaker dollar yesterday , writes Peter John .	0
What was the target rate for M3 growth in 1992 ?	The market had been hoping that Germany 's M3 , the measure of money that includes cash savings and long-term deposits of up to four years , would show an annualised growth of around 8.5 per cent .	0
What was the target rate for M3 growth in 1992 ?	'They are also keeping an eye on the level of unemployment and the relatively slow industrial production growth and it seems likely that there will be a cut , just later than anticipated . '	0
What was the target rate for M3 growth in 1992 ?	At yesterday morning 's repurchase tender , the minimum accepted rate fell to 14.15 per cent , down 65 basis points from the highs it touched last week as fears of a devaluation swept the market .	0
What was the target rate for M3 growth in 1992 ?	German M3 money supply growth is unlikely to have slowed significantly last month .	0
What was the target rate for M3 growth in 1992 ?	In April the year-on-year rate of growth dropped to 8.8 per cent from 9.4 per cent in March .	0
What was the target rate for M3 growth in 1992 ?	Economists are forecasting an annual rate of inflation of 4.3 per cent in May , from a revised 4.6 per cent in April .	0
What was the target rate for M3 growth in 1992 ?	In the first four months of the year they accelerated to an annual rate of 5.7 per cent following rent increases .	0
What was the target rate for M3 growth in 1992 ?	Too great an easing of monetary policy by the US Federal Reserve may yet turn a sluggish recovery into rapid growth and accelerating inflation .	0
What was the target rate for M3 growth in 1992 ?	But policy is doubly difficult to judge at present because of the erratic behaviour of the central bankers ' favoured leading indicators of future inflation : the growth of broad monetary aggregates .	0
What was the target rate for M3 growth in 1992 ?	Yet broad money growth may be misleadingly depressed .	0
What was the target rate for M3 growth in 1992 ?	Stripping out small time deposits and money market mutual funds from M2 raises its growth rate to M1 proportions , as the left-hand charts shows .	0
What was the target rate for M3 growth in 1992 ?	While M1 growth remains at historically high levels , the growth of its favoured money supply average - M2 plus certificates of deposit - has collapsed .	0
What was the target rate for M3 growth in 1992 ?	The BOJ , anxious to resist another interest rate cut , argues that this slowdown results from shift of savings into Postal Saving deposits which are excluded from broad money .	0
What was the target rate for M3 growth in 1992 ?	But growth of both bank lending and broad liquidity , which includes the postal savings , is also sluggish .	0
What was the target rate for M3 growth in 1992 ?	In Germany , broad money growth rates suggest that inflation , not recession , remains the main threat .	0
What was the target rate for M3 growth in 1992 ?	The year-on-year growth rates have risen sharply in recent months .	0
What was the target rate for M3 growth in 1992 ?	But the peculiar measure of broad money growth rates stressed by the Bundesbank paints a more alarming picture .	0
What was the target rate for M3 growth in 1992 ?	Rapid money growth in December and January meant that the annualised monthly rate was already 8.9 per cent in January .	0
What was the target rate for M3 growth in 1992 ?	It has since remained outside the target range .	0
What was the target rate for M3 growth in 1992 ?	There are a number of reasons why German broad money growth might be artificially inflated .	0
What was the target rate for M3 growth in 1992 ?	Yet the main force propelling M3 growth , according to the Bundesbank , is the volume of bank lending to companies and individuals .	0
What was the target rate for M3 growth in 1992 ?	But M3 growth is not expected to fall within the Bundesbank 's target range in 1992 .	0
What was the target rate for M3 growth in 1992 ?	This table shows growth rates for the most widely followed measures of narrow and broad money , a representative short- and long-term interest rate series and an average equity market yield .	0
What was the target rate for M3 growth in 1992 ?	Narrow Broad Short Long Equity Money Money Interest Interest Market	0
What was the target rate for M3 growth in 1992 ?	All growth rates refer to the seasonally adjusted series except for Japan and Italy .	0
What was the target rate for M3 growth in 1992 ?	However , while M3 clearly has grown much faster than the German central bank would like , it is not so evident why .	0
What was the target rate for M3 growth in 1992 ?	In March , the growth rate was an annual 9.4 per cent after 8.6 per cent in February and 8.9 per cent in January .	0
What was the target rate for M3 growth in 1992 ?	The rate is expected to slow , but there is little likelihood the Bundesbank will meet its target .	0
What was the target rate for M3 growth in 1992 ?	Nevertheless , the Bundesbank does not intend to make the target range higher simply to make it easier to reach .	0
What was the target rate for M3 growth in 1992 ?	Its goal for M3 -LRB- comprising mainly cash , savings , and short-term deposits -RRB- is a firm expression of its intent to maintain stability .	0
What was the target rate for M3 growth in 1992 ?	Why is the target not being met now ?	0
What was the target rate for M3 growth in 1992 ?	Each year , the Bundesbank assesses Germany 's potential for economic growth and adds a few percentage points for expected inflation and the rate of monetary circulation .	0
What was the target rate for M3 growth in 1992 ?	The result is the M3 goal , with the range representing acceptable upper and lower variations .	0
What was the target rate for M3 growth in 1992 ?	The bank 's determination to stick to its target range is its counter-strategy to the high , and inflationary , state spending and borrowing wave embarked on to support the east German economy .	0
What was the target rate for M3 growth in 1992 ?	Thus , credit demand from the private sector , up at an annual rate of 12 per cent in the past six months , is less subject to the Bundesbank 's control .	0
What was the target rate for M3 growth in 1992 ?	All this points to the question of how seriously M3 's growth should be taken .	0
What was the target rate for M3 growth in 1992 ?	Now , Germany 's Lombard rate is at 9.75 per cent and the discount rate at 8 per cent .	0
What was the target rate for M3 growth in 1992 ?	Inflation has moderated to an annual rate of 4.5 per cent in March , but the Bundesbank is obviously unhappy about wage trends and the vigour of M3 .	0
What was the target rate for M3 growth in 1992 ?	Of immediate concern is the impact of monetary growth on inflation , which the bank wants to see below 4 per cent this year and around 2 per cent later .	0
What was the target rate for M3 growth in 1992 ?	In the 1970s , the average rise in the money supply outpaced real potential growth in the economy by more than 6.5 per cent .	0
What was the target rate for M3 growth in 1992 ?	In the 1980s , M3 grew less rapidly and so did prices .	0
What was the target rate for M3 growth in 1992 ?	'Prices have tended to follow the growth of the money stock with a lag of about two to three years , ' the bank said .	0
What was the target rate for M3 growth in 1992 ?	Growth in M3 , the target measure of money supply , in France is expected to have risen further in March following February 's increase .	0
What was the target rate for M3 growth in 1992 ?	In February M3 was 3.5 per cent up on a year ago and the median forecast for March is a rise of 0.5 per cent .	0
What was the target rate for M3 growth in 1992 ?	Holland , April consumer prices index -LRB- up 0.3 per cent on month , up 4.3 per cent on year -RRB- ; France , March M3 -LRB- up 0.5 per cent -RRB- .	0
What was the target rate for M3 growth in 1992 ?	Almost every member country of the European exchange rate mechanism will choose to grit its teeth and bear the pain , while the dynamic of European politics will require the UK government to follow suit .	0
What was the target rate for M3 growth in 1992 ?	If the Bundesbank is serious about meeting this target range , then it will almost certainly have to raise the European interest rate floor sometime in the next few months .	0
What was the target rate for M3 growth in 1992 ?	With the money supply growing well beyond the target for 1992 , the Bundesbank 's credibility is clearly at stake - both in the financial community and among Germany 's stability-conscious citizens .	0
What was the target rate for M3 growth in 1992 ?	Nor does the Bonn government , struggling to put its finances in order under the weight of the high cost of unification , want to see the German economy hit by another interest rate blast .	0
What was the target rate for M3 growth in 1992 ?	So he and others reckon a further half-point rise in the discount rate to 8.5 per cent is most likely .	0
What was the target rate for M3 growth in 1992 ?	This would narrow the gap with the more important Lombard rate -LRB- now 9.75 per cent -RRB- , which would be left alone .	0
What was the target rate for M3 growth in 1992 ?	'Most attention is focused on the discount rate or access to Lombard credits . '	0
What was the target rate for M3 growth in 1992 ?	Moreover , M3 has been swollen by large holdings of the D -Mark in eastern Europe .	0
What was the target rate for M3 growth in 1992 ?	It is unlikely that the target will be changed .	0
What was the target rate for M3 growth in 1992 ?	So the real concentration is on ensuring the right conditions for slower M3 growth in 1993 .	0
What was the target rate for M3 growth in 1992 ?	'It would be best if they sit on their hands , bite their lips , and say they will wait until M3 comes down , ' says Mr Nigel Rendell , economist with stockbrokers James Capel in London .	0
What was the target rate for M3 growth in 1992 ?	'You can forget M3 and so forth if a situation like last week continues .	0
What was the target rate for M3 growth in 1992 ?	Not that M3 , the broad monetary aggregate , has been forgotten .	0
What was the target rate for M3 growth in 1992 ?	per cent target range and inflated by the pressures of unification , has been a main reason for Germany 's high interest rates .	0
What was the target rate for M3 growth in 1992 ?	Yesterday , Mr Schlesinger said M3 growth may have eased slightly from the 8.5 per cent annualised rate of July , but the target would not be achieved in 1992 .	0
What was the target rate for M3 growth in 1992 ?	'It is the money market rate which defines the problem on the foreign exchange market , not the Lombard rate ' .	0
What was the target rate for M3 growth in 1992 ?	His deputy , Mr Hans Tietmeyer , said the rate cuts were not made under pressure from EC partners .	0
What was the target rate for M3 growth in 1992 ?	Last week economists forecast that an annualised expansion rate of more than 10 per cent could be recorded for M3 this month because of the liquidity created by unprecedented D -Mark central bank sales throughout Europe in recent weeks .	0
What was the target rate for M3 growth in 1992 ?	The Bundesbank cut interest rates two weeks ago as part of the lira devaluation package in the European exchange rate mechanism -LRB- ERM -RRB- .	0
What was the target rate for M3 growth in 1992 ?	But many German economists reckon it will now keep the Lombard rate at 9.5 per cent and the discount rate at 8.25 per cent .	0
What was the target rate for M3 growth in 1992 ?	Now they must live with the targeting of D -Mark M3 , instead .	0
What was the target rate for M3 growth in 1992 ?	The question is whether many will come to condemn the Bundesbank 's present targetry , as they do the targeting of sterling M3 in the early 1980s .	0
What was the target rate for M3 growth in 1992 ?	The Bundesbank argues that its attachment to D -Mark M3 reflects the solid empirical relationship between monetary expansion and inflation some three years later .	0
What was the target rate for M3 growth in 1992 ?	The growth rate of D -Mark M3 is slipping back , but too slowly .	0
What was the target rate for M3 growth in 1992 ?	The principal motor of M3 expansion is credit expansion , most of it medium and long term .	0
What was the target rate for M3 growth in 1992 ?	In the last six months , complains the Bundesbank , the annual rate of credit expansion to the private sector was 11 per cent .	0
What was the target rate for M3 growth in 1992 ?	The American authorities can , if they , wish , ignore the exchange rate slide .	0
What was the target rate for M3 growth in 1992 ?	THE BUNDESBANK has fuelled expectations of a further cut in interest rates by softening the emphasis it places on one of its key indicators in the growth of money supply .	0
What was the target rate for M3 growth in 1992 ?	They follow a rising tide of criticism from German economists at the bank 's excessively rigid adherence to the M3 measure of money supply on the ground that it has been distorted by the processes of unification .	0
What was the target rate for M3 growth in 1992 ?	Mr Tietmeyer said that the Bundesbank was 'very conscious that the discussion about the measurement of the growth in money supply is influenced by some special considerations .	0
What was the target rate for M3 growth in 1992 ?	The bund market had expected the money supply target range to be raised .	0
What was the target rate for M3 growth in 1992 ?	Mr Otmar Issing , Bundesbank board member , said German M3 money supply growth slowed in November , and was quoted as saying it would be below 10 per cent .	0
What was the target rate for M3 growth in 1992 ?	The provisional figure of 10.2 per cent for annualised growth for October was revised to 10.3 per cent .	0
What was the target rate for M3 growth in 1992 ?	The decision by Norway to sever the Norwegian krone 's link to the Ecu yesterday put pressure on the weaker members of the European exchange rate mechanism .	0
What was the target rate for M3 growth in 1992 ?	French M3 money supply grew by 0.2 per cent in October , giving year-on-year growth of 5.7 per cent - compared with 5.3 per cent in September .	0
What was the target rate for M3 growth in 1992 ?	Dealers said bunds opened on a relatively firm note following Sunday 's Swiss referendum vote , which rejected a plan for a European Economic Area and led to some uncertainty about tensions within the European exchange rate mechanism .	0
What was the target rate for M3 growth in 1992 ?	Japanese government bonds ended slightly firmer , helped by lower money market rates and hopes of a cut in the Official Discount Rate .	0
What was the target rate for M3 growth in 1992 ?	The unsecured overnight call money rate slipped 1/32 to 3 27/32 per cent yesterday , and dealers are waiting to see whether some of the commercial banks will follow Sanwa Bank 's example and cut their short-term prime rates .	0
What was the target rate for M3 growth in 1992 ?	The Bundesbank has revised the annualised M3 money supply growth rate for September upwards to 9.3 per cent from 9.1 per cent , Reuter reported from Frankfurt yesterday .	0
What was the target rate for M3 growth in 1992 ?	M3 rose by an annualised 8.8 per cent in August .	0
What was the target rate for M3 growth in 1992 ?	Economists had expected the rate of growth in M3 to fall significantly from December .	0
What was the target rate for M3 growth in 1992 ?	The Bundesbank 's currency market interventions helped send annualised M3 growth to a record 10.3 per cent last October .	0
What was the target rate for M3 growth in 1992 ?	Another reason was purely statistical - the Bundesbank calculates the growth with reference to the previous three month 's figures .	0
What was the target rate for M3 growth in 1992 ?	As these were exceptionally high , it was inevitable that the January annualised figure would be vastly improved on the December M3 number .	0
What was the target rate for M3 growth in 1992 ?	Economists were , however , expecting growth of around 4 per cent , not a fall .	0
What was the target rate for M3 growth in 1992 ?	Despite the Bundesbank 's attempts to play down the significance of the number , economists were encouraged , predicting that the Bundesbank would be able to meet its growth target for M3 this year .	0
What was the target rate for M3 growth in 1992 ?	The target was subsequently raised to 4.5 to 6.5 per cent for 1993 .	0
What was the target rate for M3 growth in 1992 ?	The Bundesbank said that on a straightforward year-on-year basis , M3 - which includes cash , current accounts and short-term deposits - grew by 7.5 per cent .	0
What was the target rate for M3 growth in 1992 ?	Norway 's central bank cut the key overnight lending rate to its lowest level since the rate was introduced in 1986 .	0
What was the target rate for M3 growth in 1992 ?	The central bank also lowered the rate for overnight deposits , the credit rate , to 8.25 per cent from 8.50 per cent .	0
What was the target rate for M3 growth in 1992 ?	The key rate reached 25 per cent last November during turbulence in the Scandinavian currency markets .	0
What costume designer decided that Michael Jackson should only wear one glove ?	Michael Jackson 's beaded , spangled stage clothes are Whitten creations .	1
What costume designer decided that Michael Jackson should only wear one glove ?	Talking about the Grammys disturbs Bill Whitten .	0
What costume designer decided that Michael Jackson should only wear one glove ?	`` I 'm just as much a part of the music industry as Michael Jackson , '' Whitten said .	0
What costume designer decided that Michael Jackson should only wear one glove ?	Whitten 's name is rarely recognized outside the music business , yet his clothing designs are known the world over .	0
What costume designer decided that Michael Jackson should only wear one glove ?	With each moon-walking step and hand gesture , Michael Jackson displayed the Whitten style .	0
What costume designer decided that Michael Jackson should only wear one glove ?	`` It was very simple , '' Whitten calmly explained .	0
What costume designer decided that Michael Jackson should only wear one glove ?	Whitten dressed Elton John in extravagant capes and electric boots .	0
What costume designer decided that Michael Jackson should only wear one glove ?	Neil Diamond was the first performer to find Whitten , back in 1974 .	0
What costume designer decided that Michael Jackson should only wear one glove ?	Whitten had opened a custom shirt business called Workroom 27 .	0
What costume designer decided that Michael Jackson should only wear one glove ?	It was n't long before Diamond became an advocate of Whitten 's custom-designed clothes , and he spread the word .	0
What costume designer decided that Michael Jackson should only wear one glove ?	When it did , Whitten went from leasing one room to buying the entire building .	0
What costume designer decided that Michael Jackson should only wear one glove ?	Whitten 's business crested as more and more bands demanded a personalized stage style .	0
What costume designer decided that Michael Jackson should only wear one glove ?	The store , called Bill Whitten , is scheduled to open March 4 and will carry everything from pajamas to evening wear for men and women .	0
What costume designer decided that Michael Jackson should only wear one glove ?	Whitten sews metal sequins on 150-year-old , hand-loomed fabric from the Far East to make jackets .	0
What costume designer decided that Michael Jackson should only wear one glove ?	Whitten 's most inventive decorations appear on tuxedos .	0
What costume designer decided that Michael Jackson should only wear one glove ?	But Whitten says the drums of the underground beat louder in West Los Angeles than they do in Beverly Hills .	0
What costume designer decided that Michael Jackson should only wear one glove ?	If other cities want a Bill Whitten store , he 's only too happy to oblige .	0
What costume designer decided that Michael Jackson should only wear one glove ?	But , there is no Grammy award for the category of costume design .	0
What costume designer decided that Michael Jackson should only wear one glove ?	Today he regularly suits up Michael Jackson , Lionel Richie , his old friend Neil Diamond and others such as magicians Siegfried and Roy .	0
What costume designer decided that Michael Jackson should only wear one glove ?	Finally , he decided to give into the demand by opening a store on Melrose Avenue .	0
Who is the director of the international group called the Human Genome Organization -LRB- HUGO -RRB- that is trying to coordinate gene-mapping research worldwide ?	Science fiction has long been filled with chilling scenarios of the future in which evil leaders try to engineer a master race of genetically perfect human beings .	0
Who is the director of the international group called the Human Genome Organization -LRB- HUGO -RRB- that is trying to coordinate gene-mapping research worldwide ?	The tools to accomplish such a feat are slowly moving out of the realm of fiction , however , as geneticists around the world struggle to identify and decode all of the genes contained in the human body .	0
Who is the director of the international group called the Human Genome Organization -LRB- HUGO -RRB- that is trying to coordinate gene-mapping research worldwide ?	Scientists at a recent conference on gene mapping frequently pointed out that , once they determine how a human being is made , they will have little control over how their discoveries are used .	0
Who is the director of the international group called the Human Genome Organization -LRB- HUGO -RRB- that is trying to coordinate gene-mapping research worldwide ?	The United States has announced plans to invest more than $ 3 billion over the next 15 years in the National Institutes of Health 's gene-mapping project , making it the largest in the world .	0
Who is the director of the international group called the Human Genome Organization -LRB- HUGO -RRB- that is trying to coordinate gene-mapping research worldwide ?	France also has a well-advanced gene-mapping program .	0
Who is the director of the international group called the Human Genome Organization -LRB- HUGO -RRB- that is trying to coordinate gene-mapping research worldwide ?	The European Community plans to invest $ 20 million over the next two years on a genome project .	0
Who is the director of the international group called the Human Genome Organization -LRB- HUGO -RRB- that is trying to coordinate gene-mapping research worldwide ?	`` It is very clear that the human genome initiative has captured the imagination of the world , '' said Norton Zinder , chairman of the advisory committee to the NIH 's human genome program .	0
Who is the director of the international group called the Human Genome Organization -LRB- HUGO -RRB- that is trying to coordinate gene-mapping research worldwide ?	Researchers expect that once the genome is defined , medical science can apply the findings to the diagnosis and cure of more than 4,000 human diseases known to stem from gene defects .	0
Who is the director of the international group called the Human Genome Organization -LRB- HUGO -RRB- that is trying to coordinate gene-mapping research worldwide ?	In West Germany , the environmentally focused Greens Party is strongly opposed to the genome project , claiming that the research could lead to human eugenic experiments similar to those carried out by the Nazi regime .	0
Who is the director of the international group called the Human Genome Organization -LRB- HUGO -RRB- that is trying to coordinate gene-mapping research worldwide ?	However , scientists note that the regulations imposed by individual countries may be meaningless for a project that is so international in scope .	0
Who is the director of the international group called the Human Genome Organization -LRB- HUGO -RRB- that is trying to coordinate gene-mapping research worldwide ?	Zinder said the NIH group has been approached by several Third World nations interested in sharing research efforts and results .	0
Who is the mayor of Marbella ?	Close by is Marbella , now a much cleaner town thanks to its controversial mayor , Jesus Gil y Gil , who has tackled its drugs and crime image with gusto .	1
Who is the mayor of Marbella ?	Because Jesus Gil y Gil , the dynamic mayor , has cleaned up the town 's fast-fading image .	0
What company is the largest Japanese ship builder ?	Mitsubishi Heavy Industries -LRB- MHI -RRB- , the largest Japanese builder , said 'we were spilling blood a year ago ' , but now 'business is smooth ' .	1
What company is the largest Japanese ship builder ?	MITSUBISHI Heavy Industries yesterday became the latest Japanese company to announce a big cut in its workforce in response to the worsening Japanese economy .	0
What company is the largest Japanese ship builder ?	That is a thing of the past , ' says Mr Tsuda Yoshida , managing director of Mitsubishi Heavy Industries .	0
What company is the largest Japanese ship builder ?	But the long queue of buyers at Japanese yards has just forced even the patriotic Nippon Yusen to turn to Taiwan for a new bulk carrier .	0
What company is the largest Japanese ship builder ?	'We have n't bought a ship from outside Japan since the end of the Second World War .	0
What company is the largest Japanese ship builder ?	Japanese shipbuilders are generally relieved that the era of savage competition with South Korea is over .	0
What company is the largest Japanese ship builder ?	While Japanese companies insist that supply has been limited by a 24 per cent cut in capacity administered by the transport ministry , modernisation of facilities has allowed the yards to build more ships per dock .	0
What company is the largest Japanese ship builder ?	This company expects pre-tax profits to more than double to Y5bn in the year to March 1991 .	0
What company is the largest Japanese ship builder ?	JAPANESE and South Korean shipbuilders have emerged from the troubled waters of recession aware that the most significant threat to their dominance of the international shipbuilding industry is rivalry between them .	0
What company is the largest Japanese ship builder ?	Government assistance has certainly played an important role in reviving the two industries , but Japanese and Korean companies now control their own destiny , having last year captured about 65 per cent of the world market .	0
What company is the largest Japanese ship builder ?	Japanese builders have a natural advantage because of about 18 new LNG projects likely to produce demand for vessels , 10 have been backed by Japanese energy companies , while South Korean utility companies are funding three .	0
What company is the largest Japanese ship builder ?	The Japanese industry has survived in spite of fears that shipbuilding would be transferred to lower-cost countries such as China , largely by the introduction of labour-saving technology .	0
What company is the largest Japanese ship builder ?	The second advantage for the Japanese companies is that they are essentially rebuilding the fleets of the large Japanese shipping lines .	0
What company is the largest Japanese ship builder ?	These shippers have traditionally placed orders with Japanese builders , without much regard to cost , which is now about 10 per cent higher than Korean or Taiwanese yards .	0
What company is the largest Japanese ship builder ?	Nippon Yusen said Japanese yards had told it they would not be free to handle that type of vessel for two or three years .	0
What company is the largest Japanese ship builder ?	The determination of Japanese companies to limit supply has created opportunities for Korea .	0
What company is the largest Japanese ship builder ?	'The Japanese can not continue to expand , ' says Mr Cho Choong Hooy , executive vice-president for sales at Hyundai Heavy Industries , Korea 's largest builder .	0
What company is the largest Japanese ship builder ?	The effects of improved labour relations are clearly visible on the company 's accounts .	0
What company is the largest Japanese ship builder ?	This has removed a traditional advantage for the very punctual Japanese yards and reduces the threat of competition from Chinese yards which have also earned a reputation for tardiness .	0
What company is the largest Japanese ship builder ?	Japanese and Korean builders expect longer-term but limited competition from China and some competition in LNG carrier construction from French builders , which had dominated the sector two decades ago .	0
What company is the largest Japanese ship builder ?	Having established themselves as the world 's second largest shipbuilders , the Korean yards now have become less aggressive competitors .	0
What company is the largest Japanese ship builder ?	Japanese executives say that Korean companies now understand the importance of 'harmony ' in the industry - the implication is that the deep discounting of the past is over .	0
What company is the largest Japanese ship builder ?	'It used to be that the Koreans would ask you what your best price had been from the Japanese and then they would just offer you 10 per cent less ' , said one foreign shipping executive in Seoul .	0
What company is the largest Japanese ship builder ?	Last autumn , the company sent a number of employees working at its machine-tool plants temporarily to Mitsubishi Motors , a fellow member of the group .	0
What company is the largest Japanese ship builder ?	The downturn has not yet led to huge redundancies , but Japanese companies have been encouraging older employees to retire early , transferring staff to affiliated companies and restricting the intake of graduates .	0
What company is the largest Japanese ship builder ?	The yen 's rise has made Japanese shipbuilding costs 30 per cent higher than South Korea 's .	0
What company is the largest Japanese ship builder ?	An independent company might have been forced to dump the project .	0
Where is the massive North Korean nuclear complex located ?	The massive nuclear complex is located in Yongbyun , 90 km north of Pyongyang .	1
Where is the massive North Korean nuclear complex located ?	However , North Koreans are enriching these materials and producing high-grade uranium and plutonium by using centrifugal separators , which the former Soviet Union gave to North Korea , at an underground nuclear reprocessing plant in Yongbyun .	0
Where is the massive North Korean nuclear complex located ?	The IAEA has said the two facilities , located in a nuclear complex in Yongbyon north of Pyongyang , might yield evidence of how much plutonium North Korea has produced in the past .	0
Where is the massive North Korean nuclear complex located ?	They have expressed concern that missing plutonium from the Yongbyon nuclear reactors might have been diverted to produce nuclear bombs .	0
Where is the massive North Korean nuclear complex located ?	Despite Tuesday 's agreement , the question of inspecting two unreported nuclear sites in the Yongbyon nuclear complex is still pending , presumably for the two sides to discuss later .	0
Where is the massive North Korean nuclear complex located ?	Inspections of the six declared facilities in the Yongbyon nuclear complex , some 90 kilometers north of Pyongyang , and one site at Kim Il -song University in the North Korean capital are expected to get under way Wednesday .	0
Where is the massive North Korean nuclear complex located ?	A senior North Korean official admitted that his country possesses plutonium for research purposes at a radiochemical laboratory in the Yongbyon nuclear complex , ITAR-TASS News Agency reported from Pyongyang on Monday .	0
Where is the massive North Korean nuclear complex located ?	The basic purpose of the Yongbyon nuclear reactor , constructed through close cooperation with Russia , is to secure the nuclear power generation necessary to develop the country 's economy , he asserted .	0
Where is the massive North Korean nuclear complex located ?	The information received from Yongbyon thus far is that the inspection team has not encountered any problems , they added .	0
Where is the massive North Korean nuclear complex located ?	Construction of the Yongbyon nuclear development complex began in 1962 .	0
Where is the massive North Korean nuclear complex located ?	Security is so tight that even Kim Il -song has to disembark from his car when entering the Yongbyon complex .	0
Where is the massive North Korean nuclear complex located ?	Subsequently , the `` Korea - USSR Agreement on the Peaceful Use of Atomic Energy `` was signed in 1959 , and North Korea began creating a nuclear development complex in Yongbyon in 1962 .	0
Where is the massive North Korean nuclear complex located ?	It is officially unknown who was the first director of the Yongbyon Nuclear Research Center -LSB- NRC -RSB- .	0
Where is the massive North Korean nuclear complex located ?	According to a scientist who was deeply involved in the Pak Chong-hui era nuclear development effort , `` Yi Sung -ki was the first director `` of the Yongbyon NRC .	0
Where is the massive North Korean nuclear complex located ?	According to Mr. `` B , '' the person who said that Yi Sung-ki did not take part in the North Korean nuclear development program , `` the first director of the Yongbyon NRC was Han In -sok . ''	0
Where is the massive North Korean nuclear complex located ?	Following his return home , he served as the second director of the Yongbyon NRC , then as minister of the Ministry of Atomic Energy Industry , which was created within the State Administration Ministry in December 1986 .	0
Where is the massive North Korean nuclear complex located ?	Suppose North Korea had spent about 4 years making such preparations , the 5-megawatt -class Yongbyon No. 2 atomic reactor was possibly built in early 1980 .	0
Where is the massive North Korean nuclear complex located ?	On his return from Moscow , he served as a professor at Pyongsong Institute of Science before moving to the Yongbyon NRC .	0
Where is the massive North Korean nuclear complex located ?	Once , there were moves among students to avoid taking the course as those who willingly had entered the course first saw graduates assigned to Yongbyon or military-related research institutes .	0
Where is the massive North Korean nuclear complex located ?	Other major research institutes are mostly lactated in the Yongbyon complex .	0
Where is the massive North Korean nuclear complex located ?	The Yongbyon nuclear complex was created in the late 1950 's .	0
Where is the massive North Korean nuclear complex located ?	Yongbyon is geographically very close to Pakchon .	0
Where is the massive North Korean nuclear complex located ?	Yongbyon was gradually turned into a secret town .	0
Where is the massive North Korean nuclear complex located ?	On this point , Mr. `` A `` said : `` There is a check point at the Kuryong River bridge leading to the Yongbyon complex .	0
Where is the massive North Korean nuclear complex located ?	In addition , it is known that there are many underground plants in Taechon , only eight km from Yongbyon , he added .	0
Where is the massive North Korean nuclear complex located ?	North Korea reiterated Monday that two alleged nuclear facilities at Yongbyon are military sites and the International Atomic Energy Agency -LRB- IAEA -RRB- has no right to inspect them .	0
Where is the massive North Korean nuclear complex located ?	He said the mere presence of IAEA inspectors at the Yongbyon nuclear complex when North Korea changes nuclear fuel rods at the 5- megawatt reactor is insufficient .	0
Where is the massive North Korean nuclear complex located ?	The IAEA had given a deadline of March 25 for the government of Mr Kim Il -sung , a communist dictator , to permit inspections of two storage buildings at Yongbyon , North Korea 's nuclear complex .	0
Where is the massive North Korean nuclear complex located ?	IAEA inspectors yesterday completed maintenance work on monitoring equipment installed at North Korea 's Yongbyon nuclear complex .	0
Where is the massive North Korean nuclear complex located ?	The IAEA is likely to refer the North Korean nuclear issue to the UN Security Council today after Pyongyang last week blocked inspection tests by the agency at the Yongbyon nuclear complex .	0
Where is the massive North Korean nuclear complex located ?	The international community has suspected North Korea of developing nuclear weapons and I recently obtained a document decisively proving that it already possesses nuclear weapons .	0
Where is the massive North Korean nuclear complex located ?	The document is a formal report compiled by the Russian Government which long helped North Korea develop nuclear technology .	0
Where is the massive North Korean nuclear complex located ?	What draws our attention in the report is North Korea 's nuclear development .	0
Where is the massive North Korean nuclear complex located ?	It devotes five pages out of 36 to North Korea 's nuclear development .	0
Where is the massive North Korean nuclear complex located ?	The report gives a general picture of North Korea 's nuclear development .	0
Where is the massive North Korean nuclear complex located ?	It says : `` The Democratic People 's Republic of Korea -LSB- DARK -RSB- has announced its decision to pull out of the Nuclear Non-Proliferation Treaty -LRB- NPT -RRB- and the DPRK has test-fired medium-range ballistic missiles .	0
Where is the massive North Korean nuclear complex located ?	It has also refused to allow nuclear inspections by the committee of the international atomic organization -LSB- name as received -RSB- .	0
Where is the massive North Korean nuclear complex located ?	The report also indicates that North Korea 's threat to the security of Russia , the United States , and Japan is drastically growing .	0
Where is the massive North Korean nuclear complex located ?	The section was written about North Korea 's nuclear development for senior officers of the General Staff of the Armed Forces and Russian Government leaders .	0
Where is the massive North Korean nuclear complex located ?	The section entitled `` Technology Information `` says : Now , nine people with Russian citizenship are working as nuclear physicists in North Korea .	0
Where is the massive North Korean nuclear complex located ?	Soviet experts were most active in North Korea in the later half of the 1980 's .	0
Where is the massive North Korean nuclear complex located ?	At that time , North Korea was engaged in developing Nodong-1 medium-range ballistic missile with direct assistance of the Soviet Union .	0
Where is the massive North Korean nuclear complex located ?	The missile flies at the maximum speed of more than Mach nine and tipping the missile with nuclear warheads is in the final stage .	0
Where is the massive North Korean nuclear complex located ?	At the same time , North Korea is developing Nodong -2 .	0
Where is the massive North Korean nuclear complex located ?	The major task for North Korea is to improve the performance of the Nodong-2 -- extension of range and miniaturization of warheads .	0
Where is the massive North Korean nuclear complex located ?	According to the report , North Korea now has 10-12 kg of uranium-235 and 20 kg of plutonium -239 .	0
Where is the massive North Korean nuclear complex located ?	According to Russian nuclear experts , they are enough to manufacture three to five nuclear warheads .	0
Where is the massive North Korean nuclear complex located ?	The Soviet Union provided North Korea with a centrifugal separator which is capable of greatly increasing the effect of enriched uranium .	0
Where is the massive North Korean nuclear complex located ?	The report describes North Korea 's suspected nuclear development as in the `` final stage '' which has attracted attention of the American and European journalists and the world .	0
Where is the massive North Korean nuclear complex located ?	In an interview with me , a senior officer with the Military Strategy Research Center under the General Staff of the Armed Forces , which compiled the report , gave details of North Korea 's nuclear development .	0
Where is the massive North Korean nuclear complex located ?	In the interview , he revealed not only the existence of nuclear arms in North Korea , but fearful facts .	0
Where is the massive North Korean nuclear complex located ?	The following are questions and answers : Unidentified officer : `` In my view , nuclear inspections are a ridiculous story .	0
Where is the massive North Korean nuclear complex located ?	North Korea has already completed the development of Hiroshima -type atomic bomb and it is widely known among us that North Korea has at least one atomic bomb .	0
Where is the massive North Korean nuclear complex located ?	The North Koreans are using Russian scientists to promote the manufacturing of a few atomic bombs according to the ` Nuclear Development Project ' which they have worked out on their own .	0
Where is the massive North Korean nuclear complex located ?	In the past , the Soviet Union provided North Korea with uranium mining knowhow and technicians as well .	0
Where is the massive North Korean nuclear complex located ?	The Soviet Union did all that for smooth promotion of nuclear development in North Korea .	0
Where is the massive North Korean nuclear complex located ?	Because of the help from the Soviet Union , the north now has 20 kilograms of plutonium .	0
Where is the massive North Korean nuclear complex located ?	Roughly speaking , it is possible to make one nuclear warhead if you have eight kilograms of plutonium .	0
Where is the massive North Korean nuclear complex located ?	Kato : But , Russia is officially saying it is not supporting North Korean nuclear development .	0
Where is the massive North Korean nuclear complex located ?	As is written in the report , Russian technicians are engaged in North Korean nuclear development .	0
Where is the massive North Korean nuclear complex located ?	The total number of Russian technicians , who were sent to North Korea , was well over 100 .	0
Where is the massive North Korean nuclear complex located ?	They are staying there and obtaining North Korean citizenship and changing their names .	0
Where is the massive North Korean nuclear complex located ?	However , judging from this fact , there is no doubt that North Korea is steadily perfecting its missile development . ''	0
Where is the massive North Korean nuclear complex located ?	`` Currently , North Korea has three different kinds of missiles , which are capable of carrying nuclear warheads .	0
Where is the massive North Korean nuclear complex located ?	They are Scud-A , B and C types which were manufactured in the north under a production license , and they have 300 such missiles in all .	0
Where is the massive North Korean nuclear complex located ?	However , what we should pay attention to is the Nodong-2 , which North Korea is developing as a weapon to replace Nodong -1 .	0
Where is the massive North Korean nuclear complex located ?	Why does North Korea need an ICBM ?	0
Where is the massive North Korean nuclear complex located ?	That is because Kim Il -song and Kim Chong-il saw Tomahawk 's attack the Iraqi military with pinpoint accuracy during the war and clearly realized that North Korea will immediately suffer crushing blows once it engages in a war .	0
Where is the massive North Korean nuclear complex located ?	Kato : Does that mean the Gulf war made North Korea change its missile development plan ?	0
Where is the massive North Korean nuclear complex located ?	Previously , North Korea was using a liquid fuel method for all of its missile development .	0
Where is the massive North Korean nuclear complex located ?	Whatever the case may be , North Korea 's demands concerning ICBM development technology are persistent and urgent . ''	0
Where is the massive North Korean nuclear complex located ?	Whatever the case may be , North Korea 's demand concerning ICBM development technology is persistent and urgent . ''	0
Where is the massive North Korean nuclear complex located ?	If what the senior officer said is true , not only Japan but also all other nations will be exposed to the nuclear threat of Kim Il - song .	0
Where is the massive North Korean nuclear complex located ?	In fact , reportedly , the United States and Russia , fearing North Korea 's suspected nuclear development , have already started preparing for the North Korean threat .	0
Where is the massive North Korean nuclear complex located ?	Actually , the senior officer said the report described above has been written on the assumption that the world will be exposed to North Korea 's nuclear threat .	0
Where is the massive North Korean nuclear complex located ?	As he said , the report emphasizes that Japan , the United States , and Russia should jointly cope with the North Korean threat .	0
Where is the massive North Korean nuclear complex located ?	The following are the major points of the report : 1 -RRB- Within the Russian military authorities , there are some groups cooperating with North Korea in nuclear development .	0
Where is the massive North Korean nuclear complex located ?	3 -RRB- Should the military authorities cooperate with North Korea , it would double Japan 's and South Korea 's distrust of Russia .	0
Where is the massive North Korean nuclear complex located ?	Therefore , in view of ensuring security , it is extremely dangerous to cooperate with North Korea .	0
Where is the massive North Korean nuclear complex located ?	Therefore , it is absurd to cooperate with North Korea in nuclear development .	0
Where is the massive North Korean nuclear complex located ?	`` Particularly , they have agreed that it is necessary to urgently come up with measures to deal with ICBM missiles which North Korea is developing secretly .	0
Where is the massive North Korean nuclear complex located ?	However , in fact , at the meeting , in-depth discussions were held on such topics as progress in North Korea 's nuclear development , and its strike capability .	0
Where is the massive North Korean nuclear complex located ?	When the meeting is held , Russia will bring a more detailed , precise report on North Korea 's military power .	0
Where is the massive North Korean nuclear complex located ?	It is also true that after Prime Minister Hosokawa 's visit to the United States for the summit meeting , Japanese ministries and agencies concerned with North Korean issues have started seriously studying possible economic sanctions against North Korea .	0
Where is the massive North Korean nuclear complex located ?	I think it is time for the Japanese Government to tell the people about how nuclear bombs and missiles are being developed by North Korea because the North Korean issue directly affects the future security of Japan .	0
Where is the massive North Korean nuclear complex located ?	The senior officer also said : `` Russia is not the only country which provides North Korea with nuclear resources .	0
Where is the massive North Korean nuclear complex located ?	You probably do not know that China has been cooperating with North Korea .	0
Where is the massive North Korean nuclear complex located ?	It has been confirmed that a great volume of uranium has been brought in to North Korea only recently .	0
Where is the massive North Korean nuclear complex located ?	If so , nuclear material brought in to North Korea must be low-level radioactive material .	0
Where is the massive North Korean nuclear complex located ?	However , if it is so inclined , North Korea can collect nuclear development and materials know-how .	0
Where is the massive North Korean nuclear complex located ?	`` What you should not forget is the fact that North Korea already has at least one atomic bomb and 1 , 000-kilometer range missiles . ''	0
Where is the massive North Korean nuclear complex located ?	Addressing a news conference at the Japan National Press Club , Hashimoto said , `` there are still some murky points , as North Korea has not agreed to accept inspection of its two nuclear waste reprocessing facilities . ''	0
Where is the massive North Korean nuclear complex located ?	Hashimoto 's comment came a day after North Korea told the IAEA it will allow IAEA monitors to inspect the seven nuclear sites , while keeping out them out of the two critical facilities .	0
Where is the massive North Korean nuclear complex located ?	`` The LDP 's own study indicates that the Hosokawa administration has not compiled any crisis management program '' to deal with the North Korean nuclear issue , he said .	0
Where is the massive North Korean nuclear complex located ?	Hashimoto said the LDP `` will not consider exchanges `` between party officials and the North Korean Government following the 1993 fall from grace of former LDP Vice President Shin Kanemaru who had kept ties with the Pyongyang authorities .	0
Where is the massive North Korean nuclear complex located ?	`` Although it is true that Mr. Kanemaru held talks with the North Korean Government , he did so as a mere individual , '' he said .	0
Where is the massive North Korean nuclear complex located ?	He said the LDP had never sought to build ties with the North Korean leadership as a party policy .	0
Where is the massive North Korean nuclear complex located ?	Their talks with North Korean leader Kim Il -song later led to the start of diplomatic normalization talks between the two countries .	0
Where is the massive North Korean nuclear complex located ?	The normalization talks broke down after Pyongyang refused to comply with the IAEA 's demands to inspect its nuclear facilities .	0
Where is the massive North Korean nuclear complex located ?	North Korea has agreed to allow the International Atomic Energy Agency -LRB- IAEA -RRB- to conduct inspection on all seven reported nuclear facilities , the IAEA announced Tuesday .	0
Where is the massive North Korean nuclear complex located ?	At a working-level contact in Vienna Tuesday , North Korea informed the IAEA that it will accept all IAEA conditions for inspection , the announcement said .	0
Where is the massive North Korean nuclear complex located ?	Meanwhile in New York , North Korea and the United States resumed their working-level meeting Tuesday to negotiate followup measures on IAEA inspection .	0
Where is the massive North Korean nuclear complex located ?	At the Vienna meeting , the IAEA told North Korea it plans to send a team of inspectors as soon as possible .	0
Where is the massive North Korean nuclear complex located ?	The IAEA said the purpose of the upcoming inspection is to see whether the nuclear materials in the seven reported facilities had been converted for other uses since February last year when the IAEA last conducted inspection .	0
Where is the massive North Korean nuclear complex located ?	The main point of the agreement was North Korea 's acceptance of all the conditions the IAEA had laid out for the forthcoming inspection , IAEA spokesman Hans Meyer said .	0
Where is the massive North Korean nuclear complex located ?	Meyer also explained that the agreement does not mean that there was a resolution of the North Korean nuclear issue .	0
Where is the massive North Korean nuclear complex located ?	The inspection team , comprising six to seven experts , is expected to stay in North Korea for two to three weeks , IAEA officials said .	0
Where is the massive North Korean nuclear complex located ?	Councilor Yun Ho -chin of the North Korean Embassy in Vienna said that the agreement was reached in order to maintain continuity in nuclear safeguards .	0
Where is the massive North Korean nuclear complex located ?	In another development , North Korea is reportedly sending a high-level delegation to the IAEA board meeting Feb. 21 .	0
Where is the massive North Korean nuclear complex located ?	The IAEA- North Korean agreement came after six rounds of talks since Pyongyang and Washington reached an accord in New York on Jan. 7 .	0
Where is the massive North Korean nuclear complex located ?	A seven -member inspection team arrived in Pyongyang on Tuesday to resume inspections of North Korea 's seven declared nuclear facilities after a lapse of more than a year , informed sources in Beijing said .	0
Where is the massive North Korean nuclear complex located ?	North Korea agreed to the inspections by the International Atomic Energy Agency -LRB- IAEA -RRB- on Friday in New York at a working-level meeting with U.S. Officials .	0
Where is the massive North Korean nuclear complex located ?	The inspections , however , will not include the two undeclared sites suspected of being nuclear waste storage facilities that could reveal the nature of the North Korean nuclear program .	0
Where is the massive North Korean nuclear complex located ?	IAEA inspectors have said that to make the checks meaningful they would have to examine the nuclear fuel rods to determine if plutonium , which could be used in the manufacture of an atomic arsenal , had been extracted .	0
Where is the massive North Korean nuclear complex located ?	Meanwhile , Pyongyang rejected a South Korean request on Tuesday to reopen the inter- Korean dialogue , proposing instead to meet Thursday at the border truce village of Panmunjom .	0
Where is the massive North Korean nuclear complex located ?	In response to the delay , the South Korean Government held off its decision to cancel the `` Team Spirit `` U.S. - South Korea joint military exercises .	0
Where is the massive North Korean nuclear complex located ?	Reopening the inter- Korean dialogue and calling off the military exercises had been half of a four -item agreement reached February 25 in a working-level meeting in New York between U.S. and North Korean representatives .	0
Where is the massive North Korean nuclear complex located ?	The agreement had been reached to ensure IAEA inspectors access to the North Korean facilities .	0
Where is the massive North Korean nuclear complex located ?	North and South have agreed to make the Korean peninsula nuclear- free , but North Korea has insisted that the issue can only be resolved through a bilateral dialogue with Washington .	0
Where is the massive North Korean nuclear complex located ?	It says : `` The Democratic People 's Republic of Korea -LSB- DPRK -RSB- has announced its decision to pull out of the Nuclear Non-Proliferation Treaty -LRB- NPT -RRB- and the DPRK has test-fired medium-range ballistic missiles .	0
Where is the massive North Korean nuclear complex located ?	At that time , North Korea was engaged in developing Nodong-1 medium-range ballistic missile with the direct assistance of the Soviet Union .	0
Where is the massive North Korean nuclear complex located ?	The following are questions and answers : -LSB- Unidentified officer -RSB- `` In my view , nuclear inspections are a ridiculous story .	0
Where is the massive North Korean nuclear complex located ?	-LSB- Kato -RSB- But , Russia is officially saying it is not supporting North Korean nuclear development .	0
Where is the massive North Korean nuclear complex located ?	-LSB- Kato -RSB- Does that mean the Gulf war made North Korea change its missile development plan ?	0
Where is the massive North Korean nuclear complex located ?	If what the senior officer said is true , not only Japan but also all other nations will be exposed to the nuclear threat of Kim Il -song .	0
Where is the massive North Korean nuclear complex located ?	Choe is the first top North Korean official to admit to his country 's possession of plutonium .	0
Where is the massive North Korean nuclear complex located ?	Although the former Soviet Union provided key assistance in building the reactor , he continued , North Korea does not hold out much hope that its successor Russia will do the same .	0
Where is the massive North Korean nuclear complex located ?	He maintained that `` there is almost no cooperation with Russia presently in the nuclear field . ''	0
Where is the massive North Korean nuclear complex located ?	Press reports that North Korea was not attempting to separate the spent nuclear fuel rods and preserve them for later inspection have not been confirmed , sources said .	0
Where is the massive North Korean nuclear complex located ?	The inspectors would surely have raised this issue had North Korea moved the fuel rods elsewhere or handled them in any other way , they said .	0
Where is the massive North Korean nuclear complex located ?	Manpower in North Korea 's Nuclear Development Program : Its Personal Relationships , Training and Taboos	0
Where is the massive North Korean nuclear complex located ?	To Sang-nok , Han In -sok and other scientists who defected to the North against the `` National University Plan `` laid the foundations .	0
Where is the massive North Korean nuclear complex located ?	Theses written by 100 -odd North Korean scientists in the 1970 's are kept in the U.S. National Archives .	0
Where is the massive North Korean nuclear complex located ?	When did North Korea embark on its nuclear development program ?	0
Where is the massive North Korean nuclear complex located ?	These questions surrounding the North Korean nuclear issue have not been fully answered , although there has been a great deal of discussion dealing with hardware .	0
Where is the massive North Korean nuclear complex located ?	For this reporting , I interviewed nuclear scientists in the South , persons who had served in high positions in North Korea in the past , and correspondents who visited Pyongyang .	0
Where is the massive North Korean nuclear complex located ?	Among them were some who were deeply involved in the nuclear development effort in the Pak Chong-hui era .	0
Where is the massive North Korean nuclear complex located ?	North Korea first began exploring nuclear development possibilities in the mid-1950 's immediately after the end of the Korean War .	0
Where is the massive North Korean nuclear complex located ?	The next year , in 1955 , President Eisenhower went so far as to say that `` new-type nuclear weapons '' will be deployed to the U.S. Forces in Korea -LSB- USFK -RSB- , stirring North Korea .	0
Where is the massive North Korean nuclear complex located ?	Meanwhile , President Syngman Rhee , crying out for `` March to the North for Reunification , '' declared that `` if the North invades us , we will respond with a nuclear holocaust . ''	0
Where is the massive North Korean nuclear complex located ?	North Korea , confronted with the crisis , held a mammoth Pyongyang City Mass Rally on 5 August 1955 to condemn the United States .	0
Where is the massive North Korean nuclear complex located ?	According to Mr `` A , '' a former North Korean official who participated in that rally , `` the uneasy feelings the nuclear threat caused among the North Korean authorities and population then were almost a panic . ''	0
Where is the massive North Korean nuclear complex located ?	About that time , the former Soviet Union , then the leading power of the communist world , launched an all-out effort to develop a new-type , nuclear weapon that can match what the United States had .	0
Where is the massive North Korean nuclear complex located ?	Thus came the `` Agreement on the Organization of a Joint Nuclear Research Center `` signed in 1956 as part of Soviet nuclear strategy .	0
Where is the massive North Korean nuclear complex located ?	The joint research thus started was conducted at the renowned Dubna Nuclear Research Center in Moscow .	0
Where is the massive North Korean nuclear complex located ?	It was an old institute reorganized and rechristened `` Dubna Joint Nuclear Research Center , '' they say .	0
Where is the massive North Korean nuclear complex located ?	`` It was then that North Korea , in accordance with the agreement , began sending 20 to 30 nuclear physicists to Dubna every year , '' said Mr `` A. ``	0
Where is the massive North Korean nuclear complex located ?	Through all this , Pyongyang took interest in a nuclear development program early on .	0
Where is the massive North Korean nuclear complex located ?	Then came the 1962 `` Cuban crisis '' which led North Korea to distrust the Soviet nuclear umbrella .	0
Where is the massive North Korean nuclear complex located ?	North Korea was seized with apprehensions that with Khrushchev in power , the protection of the Soviet nuclear umbrella could be taken away from it in the event of a similar U.S. threat .	0
Where is the massive North Korean nuclear complex located ?	It was precisely in December that year at the Fifth Plenum of the Fourth Workers Party of Korea -LSB- WPK -RSB- Central Committee that North Korea put forth the Four Military Lines calling for self-reliant defenses .	0
Where is the massive North Korean nuclear complex located ?	The U.S. nuclear threat increased its pressure on North Korea in the early 1970 's .	0
Where is the massive North Korean nuclear complex located ?	Newspapers and broadcasts unhesitatingly reported on the nuclear arming of the USFK .	0
Where is the massive North Korean nuclear complex located ?	`` At the time , North Korea was engrossed in the task of determining the strength of tactical nuclear weapons deployed to the USFK .	0
Where is the massive North Korean nuclear complex located ?	Materials were gathered from South Korean newspapers , broadcasts , and magazines and from authoritative Japanese and U.S. newspapers for analytical purposes .	0
Where is the massive North Korean nuclear complex located ?	Through this work , it determined that the number of tactical nuclear weapons as referred to in a ` Memorandum of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs , ' was 900 to 1,000 , '' said Mr. `` A. ``	0
Where is the massive North Korean nuclear complex located ?	Against these historical backdrops , Kim Il -song and Kim Chong-il began saying in the mid-1970 's that `` the key of modern warfare is nuclear strategy .	0
Where is the massive North Korean nuclear complex located ?	The nuclear weapon can be a political and military threat . ''	0
Where is the massive North Korean nuclear complex located ?	In other words , Pyongyang had recognized its military strategic need for nuclear weapons .	0
Where is the massive North Korean nuclear complex located ?	Further , it began viewing nuclear weapons in light of the strategy for survival .	0
Where is the massive North Korean nuclear complex located ?	It was then that the North Korean leadership began thinking -- vaguely though -- that it should come to have nuclear weapons .	0
Where is the massive North Korean nuclear complex located ?	The father and son are said to have defected to the North together .	0
Where is the massive North Korean nuclear complex located ?	Without Soviet aid , he was laying the foundations of nuclear energy research almost single-handedly .	0
Where is the massive North Korean nuclear complex located ?	In other words , To Sang-nok is the father of nuclear research in North Korea . ''	0
Where is the massive North Korean nuclear complex located ?	To Sang -nok became an Academician , the highest position for a scientist in North Korea , and was awarded the titles of Labor Hero and People 's Scientist .	0
Where is the massive North Korean nuclear complex located ?	Meanwhile , some observers view Dr Yi Sung -ki as having made greater contributions to the North Korea nuclear development program .	0
Where is the massive North Korean nuclear complex located ?	They are mostly veteran scientists who know both To Sang-nok and Yi Sung -ki well or those who took part in the Pak Chong-hui era nuclear development effort .	0
Where is the massive North Korean nuclear complex located ?	He was the second SNU president when he defected to the North immediately before the Korean War .	0
Where is the massive North Korean nuclear complex located ?	He is the top leader of North Korean scientists .	0
Where is the massive North Korean nuclear complex located ?	`` He was not , '' countered Mr. `` B , '' the former North Korean official who testified earlier about To Sang-no .	0
Where is the massive North Korean nuclear complex located ?	He became the director of the Research Institute of Chemical Technology right after his defection to the North , but soon began devoting himself to vinalon research while leaving institute business to Yo Kyong -ku , his junior partner .	0
Where is the massive North Korean nuclear complex located ?	It should be noted , however , that while making all-out efforts for nuclear development , North Korea did even more to develop chemical weapons .	0
Where is the massive North Korean nuclear complex located ?	-LSB- passage omitted -RSB- Meanwhile , influenced by Dr. Yi Sung -ki , many professors and students of the SNU engineering school 's chemical engineering branch defected to the North .	0
Where is the massive North Korean nuclear complex located ?	Among those professors were Yo Kyong -ku , who went over to the North even before Yi , and Ma Hyong-ok , Yi Se-hun , Kim Tae-yol , Yi Chang -chik , and Sin Hyon -sok .	0
Where is the massive North Korean nuclear complex located ?	It is difficult to rule out the possibility of those who had majored in chemical engineering , a course with possible links to nuclear reprocessing , having performed a role in the nuclear development program .	0
Where is the massive North Korean nuclear complex located ?	Besides Dr. Yi Sung -ki and Prof. To Sang-nok , another person who seemed to have played a leading role in the nuclear development program is Prof. Han In -sok .	0
Where is the massive North Korean nuclear complex located ?	In the North , however , it seems that he stood very much in the spotlight .	0
Where is the massive North Korean nuclear complex located ?	He began giving North Korean leaders , including party cadres , lectures on the importance of nuclear energy and the need for nuclear development , in the late 1950 's .	0
Where is the massive North Korean nuclear complex located ?	In the early 1960 's , he put out many theses concerning nuclear development .	0
Where is the massive North Korean nuclear complex located ?	Han In-sok , along with To Sang-nok , can be called the founder of North Korea 's nuclear physics . ''	0
Where is the massive North Korean nuclear complex located ?	It is said that he left for Moscow to study after his defection to the North .	0
Where is the massive North Korean nuclear complex located ?	He studied nuclear physics in Moscow , specializing in reactor physics , a field directly linked with the nuclear development program .	0
Where is the massive North Korean nuclear complex located ?	Yo Kyong -ku , nephew of Yo Un-hyong , who majored in applied chemistry in Japan 's Waseda University , was assistant professor of chemical engineering at Kyongsong U. when he made his rather early defection to the North .	0
Where is the massive North Korean nuclear complex located ?	About that time , after learning that Dr. Yi Sung -ki was troubled by the `` National University Plan , '' he is said to have visited Yi to suggest that he go over to the North .	0
Where is the massive North Korean nuclear complex located ?	In North Korea , Yo Kyong -ku rose to Candidate Academician of the Academy of Sciences .	0
Where is the massive North Korean nuclear complex located ?	In North Korea , he briefly departed from scientific research and joined a political school , even serving as the party 's top responsible officer at KISU .	0
Where is the massive North Korean nuclear complex located ?	Kim Yong-ho , who majored in quantum chemistry at Japan 's Kyoto U. , was a chemistry professor at Kyongsong U. when he defected to the North .	0
Where is the massive North Korean nuclear complex located ?	Quantum chemistry is said to have connections with nuclear reprocessing facilities .	0
Where is the massive North Korean nuclear complex located ?	Yo Chol-ki , one of the second -batch graduates of the SNU physics course , was assistant professor of the university when he defected to the North .	0
Where is the massive North Korean nuclear complex located ?	He attended a 1990 World Conference of Korean Physicists held at Yanbian University in China as chairman of the North Korean Physical Society , and accompanied by four persons .	0
Where is the massive North Korean nuclear complex located ?	He had specialized in hydromechanics , then in particle physics , and the latest I had heard was that he was studying nuclear physics .	0
Where is the massive North Korean nuclear complex located ?	Besides Yo Chol -ki , North Korean physicists Cho Pyong -nae and Kim Yong-il , both specializing in statistical mechanical physics , attended the conference .	0
Where is the massive North Korean nuclear complex located ?	Scientists referred to in the above were mostly Kyongsong U. professors in physics or chemical engineering when they defected to the North .	0
Where is the massive North Korean nuclear complex located ?	In the views of atomic energy-related scholars , they must have laid North Korea 's scientific foundations , setting the direction of its nuclear development program .	0
Where is the massive North Korean nuclear complex located ?	These people went straight to North Korea while they were overseas for study purposes .	0
Where is the massive North Korean nuclear complex located ?	In the views of atomic energy scientists in the South , it is possible that they also participated in North Korea 's Big Science project , the nuclear development program .	0
Where is the massive North Korean nuclear complex located ?	Forming another group are second-generation scientists who were trained by the above-listed seniors and who could have performed the central role in the nuclear development program .	0
Where is the massive North Korean nuclear complex located ?	Choe Hak-kun , a native of Hamgyong Province , is a nuclear expert who went to Moscow University from KISU , then to the Dubna NRC .	0
Where is the massive North Korean nuclear complex located ?	He also served as counselor in Vienna for 4 years from 1975 , when North Korea joined the International Atomic Energy Agency -LRB- IAEA -RRB- .	0
Where is the massive North Korean nuclear complex located ?	Dr. Yi also noted that `` at any rate , the massive data thus gathered at the time must have been used for the nuclear development program . ''	0
Where is the massive North Korean nuclear complex located ?	Meanwhile , since North Korea 's entry into the IAEA , Choe Hak-kun intensified his demand for the `` denuclearization of the Korean Peninsula . ''	0
Where is the massive North Korean nuclear complex located ?	Yun Ho -chin , resident officer in Vienna , was responsible for administrative affairs concerning the Nuclear Nonproliferation Treaty -LSB- NPT -RSB- and the inspection issue .	0
Where is the massive North Korean nuclear complex located ?	A graduate of the KISU physics department , he also had extensive knowledge about nuclear power .	0
Where is the massive North Korean nuclear complex located ?	He is a specialist who is , in effect , in charge of external affairs concerning the North Korean nuclear issue .	0
Where is the massive North Korean nuclear complex located ?	Kye Yong-sun , a KISU gradate , who also studied in the Dubna NRC , is a key figure in North Korea 's nuclear power plant construction .	0
Where is the massive North Korean nuclear complex located ?	It was he who first suggested that `` we build nuclear power plants for ourselves '' in early 1970 , they say .	0
Where is the massive North Korean nuclear complex located ?	Kye Hyong -sun , former minister of machine-building industry , regarded as the godfather of North Korea 's munitions industry , is his elder brother , they say .	0
Where is the massive North Korean nuclear complex located ?	Under these second-generation scientists , there are third-generation specialists who returned from the former Soviet Union and are currently active on the first line of the nuclear development program .	0
Where is the massive North Korean nuclear complex located ?	Fortunately , Mr `` B , '' the former high official in North Korea , knew one of them -- Yi Yun- song , alias Yi Yun-su .	0
Where is the massive North Korean nuclear complex located ?	It is by using our judgement on the basis of theses written by North Korean scientists .	0
Where is the massive North Korean nuclear complex located ?	Agencies in the South reportedly used the same method for some time to measure levels of the North Korean nuclear development program .	0
Where is the massive North Korean nuclear complex located ?	The Korean division of the National Archives of the U.S. Congress is known to be the only place in the West that provides access to theses by North Korean scientists .	0
Where is the massive North Korean nuclear complex located ?	Entering the 1970 's , North Korea apparently tightened control over the handling of theses as it embarked on its nuclear development program .	0
Where is the massive North Korean nuclear complex located ?	Most of the theses were printed in KWAHAGWON TONGBO -LSB- ACADEMY OF SCIENCES REPORT -RSB- , which is a highest-level journal published in North Korea .	0
Where is the massive North Korean nuclear complex located ?	In addition , there were scientists brought in from overseas , mostly Korean residents in foreign countries .	0
Where is the massive North Korean nuclear complex located ?	Explaining , Mr. `` B '' said : `` I understand that quite a few overseas Korean nuclear scientists entered North Korea .	0
Where is the massive North Korean nuclear complex located ?	Of those from Japan , some stayed on in North Korea taking part in the development program while others shuttled between the two countries .	0
Where is the massive North Korean nuclear complex located ?	The Korean Scientists and Engineers Association in Japan -LRB- Kwahyop -RRB- served as the channel .	0
Where is the massive North Korean nuclear complex located ?	Kwahyop 's slogan was `` Promote Scientific Research and Technological Development of Korean Scientists in Japan and Contribute to North Korea 's Construction . ''	0
Where is the massive North Korean nuclear complex located ?	Among them are scientists working in nuclear fusion , control engineering and accelerator fields or even taking part in nuclear technology development programs .	0
Where is the massive North Korean nuclear complex located ?	Dr. Kyong Won - ha is one of them whose name is frequently mentioned in conversations concerning Korean scientists who went to North Korea from Japan .	0
Where is the massive North Korean nuclear complex located ?	He is known to have participated in the atomic bomb building at the Los Alamos laboratory in New Mexico , then served as professor at Canada 's McGill University before moving to North Korea in about 1974 .	0
Where is the massive North Korean nuclear complex located ?	But a check with atomic energy-related scientists and people who formerly serviced in high posts in North Korea revealed that none of them had any knowledge about him .	0
Where is the massive North Korean nuclear complex located ?	North Korea 's training system for nuclear-related talents also deserves careful attention .	0
Where is the massive North Korean nuclear complex located ?	The first nuclear physics course was established in 1949 before the Korean War .	0
Where is the massive North Korean nuclear complex located ?	`` That year , North Korea 's first nuclear physics course was created within the KISU physics school and 30 students were selected for it , '' said Mr `` B. ``	0
Where is the massive North Korean nuclear complex located ?	Needless to say , they were not all nuclear physics students .	0
Where is the massive North Korean nuclear complex located ?	Suppose 30 students left for Moscow or St. Petersburg in any given year , three to four of them were nuclear physics students .	0
Where is the massive North Korean nuclear complex located ?	The KISU nuclear physics course was closed temporarily during the war but reopened later .	0
Where is the massive North Korean nuclear complex located ?	After that , in about 1957 , a nuclear engineering department , made up by three courses , was created in Kim Chaek Institute of Technology -LSB- KCIT -RSB- .	0
Where is the massive North Korean nuclear complex located ?	Further , in 1963 , a nuclear physics course was opened in Pyongsong Institute of Science in South Pyongan Province , a college under the control of the Academy of Sciences , accepting 50 students .	0
Where is the massive North Korean nuclear complex located ?	Pyongsong is a North Korean science town similar to Taedok Science Town in the South , and its Institute of Science is an equivalent of our Institute of Science and Technology .	0
Where is the massive North Korean nuclear complex located ?	While they are all for the study of nuclear physics , KISU is dedicated to both theoretical and technological researches , KCIT trains technical personnel and Pyongsong trains scientists , research officers and professors primarily in fundamental theoretical fields .	0
Where is the massive North Korean nuclear complex located ?	Besides , a nuclear engineering department was created in the National Defense College in Hyesan in about 1963 , primarily for the training of specialists in munitions and weaponry .	0
Where is the massive North Korean nuclear complex located ?	Basically through these four institutes , North Korea has systematically trained its personnel since the 1950 's .	0
Where is the massive North Korean nuclear complex located ?	The length of their nuclear physics courses is 7 years , they say , and they accept only bright students .	0
Where is the massive North Korean nuclear complex located ?	Children of state cadres who are bright enough are required to take the nuclear physics course mandatorily even if it is against their wish .	0
Where is the massive North Korean nuclear complex located ?	Since that time , if a student would avoid applying for the nuclear physics course , he or she would be sent to the countryside or otherwise called to task for it . ''	0
Where is the massive North Korean nuclear complex located ?	Attached to these institutes are , respectively , `` the KISU Nuclear Physics Research Institute , '' `` the KCIT Nuclear Physics Research Institute , '' and `` the Nuclear Physics Research Institute of the Academy of Sciences . ''	0
Where is the massive North Korean nuclear complex located ?	The KISU Nuclear Physics Research Institute has a long history of research in radioactive isotope .	0
Where is the massive North Korean nuclear complex located ?	They include the `` Atomic Energy Research Institute , '' `` Radioactivity Prevention Research Institute , '' and `` Nuclear Power Generating Research Institute . ''	0
Where is the massive North Korean nuclear complex located ?	North Korea began its expansion in earnest in 1962 after the fifth plenum of the fourth party Central Committee .	0
Where is the massive North Korean nuclear complex located ?	Beginning in the 1960 's , North Korean institutes turned out nuclear scientists in large numbers who were trained by themselves through those 7-year courses .	0
Where is the massive North Korean nuclear complex located ?	There they , along with scientists from other socialist nations , jointly participated in the Soviet nuclear development program .	0
Where is the massive North Korean nuclear complex located ?	So , Soviet scientists , knowing about their abilities more than anyone else , would never underestimate the levels of North Korean students , it is said .	0
Where is the massive North Korean nuclear complex located ?	At times , students were deported back home from Dubna because of their persistent attempt to spy on advanced Soviet nuclear technology .	0
Where is the massive North Korean nuclear complex located ?	North Korean students were also sent to the Kurchatov NRC , the Kiev NRC and the Ioffe NRC .	0
Where is the massive North Korean nuclear complex located ?	While Dubna was for basic research in nuclear physics , Kurchatov was known as a laboratory for experimenting and building nuclear bombs .	0
Where is the massive North Korean nuclear complex located ?	Dr. Yi Pyong -hwi happened to be allowed to visit the Kurchatov Nuclear Physics Research Center , a secret facility , for 1 week in 1992 .	0
Where is the massive North Korean nuclear complex located ?	Named after Dr. Kurchatov , who led the team that built and tested the first Soviet nuclear bomb in 1949 , the center stands about 20 kilometers from downtown Moscow .	0
Where is the massive North Korean nuclear complex located ?	Nuclear fusion , remote control and radioactivity lab facilities appeared to be incomparably more sophisticated and advanced than those at the Argonne National Laboratory where the Manhattan Project was conducted .	0
Where is the massive North Korean nuclear complex located ?	Consequently , the United States is reportedly working on economic aid for improvement in the treatment of Russian nuclear scientists so as to prevent their exodus from the country .	0
Where is the massive North Korean nuclear complex located ?	North Korea also sent scientists to China , which successfully conducted its first atomic bomb test in 1964 , although fewer in numbers than those sent to the Soviet Union .	0
Where is the massive North Korean nuclear complex located ?	For exchanges with Chinese nuclear physicists , Pyongyang sent its specialists to Xiangshan Zhao Dai Suo in Beijing where those Chinese frequently get together .	0
Where is the massive North Korean nuclear complex located ?	Thus trained through various routes , the number of North Korean nuclear experts and technical personnel is now estimated at approximately more than 5,000 , including 200 trained at Dubna .	0
Where is the massive North Korean nuclear complex located ?	North Korea produced on its own a short-range rocket missile using nuclear energy in the late 1960 's .	0
Where is the massive North Korean nuclear complex located ?	Pyongyang 's nuclear policy came to the fore in March 1974 when Kim Il -song told a National Industrial Workers Meeting that `` we must build nuclear power plants on our own . ''	0
Where is the massive North Korean nuclear complex located ?	In addition to an army of nuclear talents thus trained , North Korea has uranium ore deposits scattered all over the country , a factor that made possible the nuclear development on its own .	0
Where is the massive North Korean nuclear complex located ?	Other uranium mines include one at Unggi , North Hamgyong Province , and the Kujang Mine in Mt .	0
Where is the massive North Korean nuclear complex located ?	Although North Korea had to send ores to the Soviet Union for processing before the 1960 's , it later built its own smelting plants near mines for independent processing .	0
Where is the massive North Korean nuclear complex located ?	It reportedly was the unquestioned top candidate when authorities were looking for a site for the nuclear development complex .	0
Where is the massive North Korean nuclear complex located ?	Guard posts were erected around the complex , which was then put off limits to unauthorized persons .	0
Where is the massive North Korean nuclear complex located ?	Officials from the complex in another car meet them there .	0
Where is the massive North Korean nuclear complex located ?	Researchers are usually not authorized to leave the complex .	0
Where is the massive North Korean nuclear complex located ?	Telephones and mail to and from the complex are out of question .	0
Where is the massive North Korean nuclear complex located ?	On the other hand , the complex has every facility needed for the daily life of people there , they say .	0
Where is the massive North Korean nuclear complex located ?	When the need arises for building facilities inside the complex , a special team of the 105th construction unit under the Ministry of Public Security is assigned to it .	0
Where is the massive North Korean nuclear complex located ?	So , there is absolutely no way for outside people to know what is going on inside the complex .	0
Where is the massive North Korean nuclear complex located ?	`` Considering the fact that major North Korean facilities have gone underground , facilities that have been put to the international inspections are only those that had been made public .	0
Where is the massive North Korean nuclear complex located ?	Nuclear physics research institutes attached to universities in general are also under strict security .	0
Where is the massive North Korean nuclear complex located ?	Mr. `` A `` said he would like to point out a misconception which he comes across so frequently in discussions about the North Korean nuclear issue .	0
Where is the massive North Korean nuclear complex located ?	It is that because of the current economic crisis , Pyongyang would be unable to continue the enormously expensive nuclear development program .	0
Where is the massive North Korean nuclear complex located ?	Materials needed for the nuclear development program are mostly available domestically .	0
Where is the massive North Korean nuclear complex located ?	CNN also broadcast an interview with a former Costa Rican president who was visiting Pyongyang , presumably for North Korean President Kim Il -song 's 82nd birthday last Friday .	0
Where is the massive North Korean nuclear complex located ?	`` Inspecting military sites is an issue that has to be dealt with between North and South Korea in the process of disarmament between the two sides , '' Kim said .	0
Where is the massive North Korean nuclear complex located ?	`` The authority the IAEA was given is to inspect peaceful nuclear facilities . ''	0
Where is the massive North Korean nuclear complex located ?	North Korea , as an independent state , has a right to maintain multilateral relations including military cooperation with other countries .	0
Where is the massive North Korean nuclear complex located ?	The International Atomic Energy Agency -LRB- IAEA -RRB- has asked North Korean experts to visit Vienna for talks on replacing fuel rods in a nuclear reactor , the Agency announced Wednesday -LSB- 11 May -RSB- .	0
Where is the massive North Korean nuclear complex located ?	In addition , Agency inspectors would visit North Korea `` in the next few days `` if the replacement of the rods in the Yonbyon reactor was postponed , the IAEA said in a statement .	0
Where is the massive North Korean nuclear complex located ?	U.S. officials say the change of fuel rods could provide enough plutonium to make four or five nuclear weapons .	0
Where is the massive North Korean nuclear complex located ?	The Blix message was an answer to the North Korean foreign minister 's proposal on Friday that Pyongyang could negotiate with the IAEA over nuclear inspections and the presence of monitors to witness the fuel replacement .	0
Where is the massive North Korean nuclear complex located ?	The Blix message was made public in Seoul following unconfirmed South Korean press reports that Washington had agreed to resume high-level talks with North Korea in return for the sampling of the fuel rods at a later date .	0
Where is the massive North Korean nuclear complex located ?	The IAEA also said its team could finish inspecting a radiochemical laboratory , from which IAEA inspectors were barred by North Koreans last March , and check surveillance equipments at various nuclear facilities .	0
Where is the massive North Korean nuclear complex located ?	In Vienna , IAEA spokesman David Kyd said the inspectors could leave for North Korea any time from Saturday if the response from Pyongyang was positive .	0
Where is the massive North Korean nuclear complex located ?	Robert Gallucci , assistant secretary of state for political and military affairs , says the United States hopes to resume working-level contacts with North Korea in New York this week .	0
Where is the massive North Korean nuclear complex located ?	`` We hope that this week we 'll be able to get back to North Korea -- almost certainly using the New York channel ...	0
Where is the massive North Korean nuclear complex located ?	`` We have consulted our allies , particularly South Korea , that we 'll be able to go back to North Korea with a proposal , '' he said .	0
Where is the massive North Korean nuclear complex located ?	One of these elements , of course , requires that North Korea maintain the continuity of safeguards , Gallucci said .	0
Where is the massive North Korean nuclear complex located ?	`` Inter - Korean dialogue could also be an element , '' he said .	0
Where is the massive North Korean nuclear complex located ?	`` Advancing inter - Korean dialogue in some modality would also figure in such an arrangement . ''	0
Where is the massive North Korean nuclear complex located ?	Gallucci said the United States and its allies were not aiming to bring the North Korean nuclear issue back to the UN Security Council .	0
Where is the massive North Korean nuclear complex located ?	`` It will not be sufficent for the IAEA inspectors to be in North Korea while this is happening .	0
Where is the massive North Korean nuclear complex located ?	In any event , Gallucci said the United States would like to see North Korea 's nuclear program essentially frozen while `` we are engaged in these discussions . ''	0
Where is the massive North Korean nuclear complex located ?	He added , however , this was not a precondition for U.S. - North Korean talks .	0
Where is the massive North Korean nuclear complex located ?	NORTH KOREA yesterday raised fears of an international confrontation over its suspected nuclear weapons programme by declaring that it was withdrawing from the nuclear non-proliferation treaty .	0
Where is the massive North Korean nuclear complex located ?	North Korea would be the first country to scrap membership of the treaty , which seeks to limit the spread of nuclear technology .	0
Where is the massive North Korean nuclear complex located ?	Mr Warren Christopher , the US secretary of state , threatened North Korea yesterday with possible international sanctions .	0
Where is the massive North Korean nuclear complex located ?	Ms Madeleine Albright , US ambassador to the United Nations , said : 'We call upon North Korea to withdraw its declaration immediately . '	0
Where is the massive North Korean nuclear complex located ?	The decision would halt inspections by the International Atomic Energy Agency , which has carried out six inspections of North Korean facilities since Pyongyang permitted them last year .	0
Where is the massive North Korean nuclear complex located ?	It suspects the sites are being used to store nuclear waste for re-processing of plutonium .	0
Where is the massive North Korean nuclear complex located ?	However , Pyongyang responded that this was not possible at present because of the annual US / South Korean 'Team Spirit ' military exercises , now under way .	0
Where is the massive North Korean nuclear complex located ?	North Korea insists that the two sites are non-nuclear military installations of no concern to IAEA inspectors .	0
Where is the massive North Korean nuclear complex located ?	In Seoul , where the cabinet met in emergency session , the South Korean foreign ministry said : 'The North 's professed reasons for pulling out of the treaty convince no one .	0
Where is the massive North Korean nuclear complex located ?	This only heightens the suspicion that it is developing nuclear arms . '	0
Where is the massive North Korean nuclear complex located ?	The move threatened to undo recent progress in developing inter- Korean relations .	0
Where is the massive North Korean nuclear complex located ?	China , a permanent member of the Security Council and one of North Korea 's few remaining allies , issued a mild rebuke to North Korea .	0
Where is the massive North Korean nuclear complex located ?	SOUTH KOREA yesterday indicated that it would adopt a tougher attitude on the North Korean nuclear issue after Pyongyang rejected a proposal by Seoul to resume talks on mutual nuclear inspections .	0
Where is the massive North Korean nuclear complex located ?	'We gave everything we could give at the last round of North Korea - US high-level talks .	0
Where is the massive North Korean nuclear complex located ?	Now it 's time to show Pyongyang what sticks are in store , ' said Mr Han Sung -joo , the South Korean foreign minister .	0
Where is the massive North Korean nuclear complex located ?	The IAEA wants to examine sites to determine if North Korea is reprocessing more plutonium than it has disclosed , for possible use in developing nuclear weapons .	0
Where is the massive North Korean nuclear complex located ?	Seoul refuses the Pyongyang demand for a summit , calling it 'premature ' until the nuclear dispute is resolved .	0
Where is the massive North Korean nuclear complex located ?	But the IAEA is still barred from two nuclear waste sites .	0
Where is the massive North Korean nuclear complex located ?	The IAEA demand to view these sites triggered North Korea 's announcement last March that it was withdrawing from the nuclear non-proliferation treaty , although it later suspended the threatened action after holding talks with the US .	0
Where is the massive North Korean nuclear complex located ?	Mr Clinton 's assurances followed defiant statements from Pyongyang claiming that US demands for further inspections of nuclear sites were 'perfidious acts .	0
Where is the massive North Korean nuclear complex located ?	creating a grave situation on the Korean peninsula , which may bring the Korean nation back to the phase of confrontation and war ' .	0
Where is the massive North Korean nuclear complex located ?	In a letter to President Kim Young-sam , Mr Clinton also said that the US would defend South Korea if it is attacked by the North .	0
Where is the massive North Korean nuclear complex located ?	Pyongyang yesterday maintained its defiant stance against concerted international pressure to open its nuclear sites to full inspections .	0
Where is the massive North Korean nuclear complex located ?	North Korea threatened to withdraw from the nuclear non-proliferation treaty if the US resumes its annual military exercise in South Korea and if the International Atomic Energy Agency decides that North Korea has not complied with its nuclear obligations .	0
Where is the massive North Korean nuclear complex located ?	The UN Security Council may then consider economic sanctions on North Korea .	0
Where is the massive North Korean nuclear complex located ?	Seoul also resumed preparations for the Team Spirit military exercise , although a decision on its timing has been delayed until President Kim Young-sam discusses the situation on the Korean peninsula with Chinese and Japanese leaders later this week .	0
Where is the massive North Korean nuclear complex located ?	Mr Warren Christopher , US secretary of state , said US policy would take account of all the risks , but stressed that some form of international action was necessary to combat nuclear proliferation .	0
Who fired Maria Ybarra from her position in San Diego council ?	Ybarra said , and Sills acknowledged that she was fired Friday by Henderson , who gave her two weeks to find another position .	1
Who fired Maria Ybarra from her position in San Diego council ?	Sills said that Ybarra was fired because Henderson wanted `` a different person with different skills '' in her position .	1
Who fired Maria Ybarra from her position in San Diego council ?	Henderson , whose enmity for Wolfsheimer is well known , has publicly endorsed Trettin .	0
Who fired Maria Ybarra from her position in San Diego council ?	Ybarra said she had no knowledge of any impropriety by Henderson .	0
Who fired Maria Ybarra from her position in San Diego council ?	He said his only politics-related discussions in City Hall concerned scheduling appearances for Henderson .	0
Who fired Maria Ybarra from her position in San Diego council ?	`` I have n't ever been in Bruce Henderson 's office . ''	0
Who fired Maria Ybarra from her position in San Diego council ?	Ybarra , a single mother with a 3-year-old son , has been employed primarily to answer telephones and open mail since Henderson became a councilman in December , 1987 .	0
Who fired Maria Ybarra from her position in San Diego council ?	She offered as proof of her allegations against Sills a letter written by Orr and received in Henderson 's office Thursday .	0
Who fired Maria Ybarra from her position in San Diego council ?	The letter , dated Sept. 29 , carries Henderson 's name and asks recipients for contributions to Trettin 's campaign .	0
Who fired Maria Ybarra from her position in San Diego council ?	Sills said he can not be held responsible for receiving the letter in Henderson 's council office and said he admonished Orr to send political material to Sills ' home .	0
Who fired Maria Ybarra from her position in San Diego council ?	Orr , who described the letter as `` not one of my brighter '' actions , said the letter went out to Henderson 's political contributors this weekend .	0
Who fired Maria Ybarra from her position in San Diego council ?	But she said that Sills ' `` head started clicking and maybe -LRB- he thought -RRB- 'she knows too much , and we ought to get rid of her , ' `` Ybarra said .	0
Who fired Maria Ybarra from her position in San Diego council ?	Sills and the two political consultants identified by Ybarra -- Jean Andrews and Jack Orr -- denied Ybarra 's charges .	0
Who fired Maria Ybarra from her position in San Diego council ?	Cristie McGuire , who oversees election matters , said she could not comment on Ybarra 's claims without more specific information .	0
Who fired Maria Ybarra from her position in San Diego council ?	Ybarra 's accusations came against a backdrop of personal and job-related strife with Sills .	0
Who fired Maria Ybarra from her position in San Diego council ?	Ybarra acknowledges that she has had battles with Sills over his treatment of her in the council office .	0
When was Dubai 's first concrete house built ?	The Creek golf club , nearing completion in the city 's south , with its sharpened Sydney Opera House clubhouse and a yacht marina to follow , is a similarly defiant sight .	0
Who is the president of Stanford University ?	Symbolic of Hoover 's unusual ties with Stanford , Raisian 's appointment was announced jointly by Stanford President Donald Kennedy and Robert H. Malott , chairman of the Hoover Board of Overseers .	1
Who is the president of Stanford University ?	Gorbachevs meet with Stanford President Donald Kennedy and former Secretary of State George P. Shultz at the university Quadrangle .	1
Who is the president of Stanford University ?	Gorbachevs meet Stanford University President Donald Kennedy and wife Jeanne and George P. Shultz , former U.S. secretary of state , and wife , Helena , on campus .	1
Who is the president of Stanford University ?	Final approval by President Donald Kennedy is expected later this year .	0
Who is the president of Stanford University ?	Kennedy said Monday that he hoped Raisian 's appointment , effective immediately , will improve `` the relationship between Hoover and the rest of Stanford University . ''	0
Who is the president of Stanford University ?	Campbell fought with Kennedy over the terms and timing of his retirement and argued with liberal critics .	0
Who is the president of Stanford University ?	The students , who were arrested after invading university President Donald Kennedy 's office in May , also were ordered by a Santa Clara County judge to perform 40 hours of community service each .	0
Who is the president of Stanford University ?	Horton said that Hoover House , the residence of university President Donald Kennedy , is owned by the school and used regularly for campus activities .	0
Who is the president of Stanford University ?	Stanford University officials proposed to ban alcohol consumption at all Stanford athletic events .	0
Who is the president of Stanford University ?	Stanford has been the only school in the Pacific-10 athletic conference to allow spectators to bring alcohol inside a stadium .	0
Who is the president of Stanford University ?	Three years ago , Stanford banned hard liquor at games and limited each person over 21 to carrying in one six -pack of beer .	0
Who is the president of Stanford University ?	William Chace , president of Wesleyan University in Middletown , Conn. , sent students a letter about racial relations on campus and the film `` Mississippi Burning '' about the 1964 murders of civil rights activists .	0
Who is the president of Stanford University ?	`` Right now -LRB- administrators -RRB- are doing surface changes , '' said Yvette Dudley , president of the NAACP chapter at Penn State .	0
Who is the president of Stanford University ?	John Raisian , acting director of the politically influential Hoover Institution think tank at Stanford University since last September , has been given the job permanently , officials announced Monday .	0
Who is the president of Stanford University ?	Several sources at Stanford said the first choice to succeed Campbell was Michael Boskin , the Stanford economics professor who is chairman of President Bush 's Council of Economic Advisers .	0
Who is the president of Stanford University ?	Although Campbell praised Raisian 's appointment , John F. Manley , a Stanford political science professor and critic of Hoover , said : `` A new director does n't change the old problem .	0
Who is the president of Stanford University ?	Soviet President Mikhail S. Gorbachev will not make a previously announced visit to the Hoover Institution during his trip to Stanford University next week .	0
Who is the president of Stanford University ?	Soviet officials decided that Gorbachev 's schedule during his June 3 and 4 visit to the Bay Area `` was just too tight , '' Bob Freelen , Stanford vice president for public affairs , said Monday .	0
Who is the president of Stanford University ?	On the high-society block where Soviet President Mikhail S. Gorbachev and his wife , Raisa , will sleep tonight , the neighbors and their help know all about the demands of security .	0
Who is the president of Stanford University ?	At Stanford University , where Gorbachev will speak Monday , students are taking the metal detectors and other precautions in stride , so anxious are they to get a glimpse of the Soviet leader and his wife .	0
Who is the president of Stanford University ?	`` Nobody identifies themselves as KGB , '' said Robert Freelen , Stanford 's vice president for public affairs .	0
Who is the president of Stanford University ?	After breakfast with the Reagans , the Gorbachevs will head to Stanford , 35 miles south .	0
Who is the president of Stanford University ?	At Stanford , officials issued tickets Friday to several thousand students and staff members to see Gorbachev arrive in the quadrangle Monday morning .	0
Who is the president of Stanford University ?	The 1,700 people who will attend Gorbachev 's speech at Stanford 's Memorial Auditorium will have to pass through metal detectors .	0
Who is the president of Stanford University ?	CHP officers will ensure that the 30 - car motorcade travels Bay Area freeways swiftly between San Francisco , Stanford and San Francisco airport .	0
Who is the president of Stanford University ?	Here is Monday 's itinerary for the visit by Soviet President Mikhail S. Gorbachev and his wife , Raisa , to San Francisco and Stanford University .	0
Who is the president of Stanford University ?	9 a.m. -- Former President Ronald Reagan and his wife , Nancy , arrive at Soviet consul general 's home , 2820 Broadway , to have breakfast with the Gorbachevs .	0
Who is the president of Stanford University ?	10 : 15 a.m. -- Gorbachevs leave for Stanford University .	0
Who is the president of Stanford University ?	11 : 15 a.m. -- Gorbachevs tour Stanford Art Museum and receive gifts of art to Soviet people .	0
Who is the president of Stanford University ?	Noon -- Gorbachevs visit Stanford Business School and meet with students and faculty at Littlefield Center .	0
Who is the president of Stanford University ?	12 : 30 p.m. -- Soviet president delivers address to students and faculty at Memorial Auditorium .	0
Who is the president of Stanford University ?	1 : 05 p.m. -- Gorbachevs leave Stanford to return to consul general 's home .	0
Who is the president of Stanford University ?	2 : 30 p.m. -- President Gorbachev arrives at San Francisco Chamber of Commerce luncheon at Fairmont Hotel .	0
Who is the president of Stanford University ?	Deukmejian and Agnos make presentations honoring the Soviet president .	0
Who is the president of Stanford University ?	Minnesotans offered other encouraging words on the placards they held along the motorcade route : `` Go Glasnost , '' `` President Gorbachev , Keep Hope Alive '' and `` We 're With You , Gorby . ''	0
Who is the president of Stanford University ?	Portable highway signs that normally flash messages like `` Traffic Delay '' and `` Construction Next 10 Miles `` were reprogrammed to display `` Welcome President Gorbachev `` in English and Russian .	0
Who is the president of Stanford University ?	Former Vice President Walter F. Mondale approached the U.S. ambassador , Matlock , and quietly asked him what to make of the recent election of Boris N. Yeltsin as president of the Russian republic .	0
Who is the president of Stanford University ?	9 : 15 a.m. -- Mikhail and Raisa Gorbachev have breakfast with former President Ronald Reagan at home of Soviet consul general in San Francisco .	0
Who is the president of Stanford University ?	10 : 15 a.m. -- Gorbachevs depart for Stanford University in Palo Alto .	0
Who is the president of Stanford University ?	11 : 15 a.m. -- Gorbachevs tour Stanford Art Museum .	0
Who is the president of Stanford University ?	Noon -- Gorbachev visits Stanford School of Business .	0
Who is the president of Stanford University ?	1 : 05 p.m. -- Gorbachevs leave Stanford to return to San Francisco and consul general 's residence .	0
Who is the president of Stanford University ?	4 p.m. -- Gorbachevs return to consul general 's home for meeting with South Korean President Roh Tae Woo .	0
Who is the president of Stanford University ?	It appointed a commission to bargain with competing hospitals , and Stanford University Hospital was among those awarded contracts .	0
Who is the president of Stanford University ?	At Stanford Hospital the number of Medi-Cal patients has been increasing 12 % annually since 1988 , out of proportion to the number of fully paying patients .	0
Who is the president of Stanford University ?	More than one-quarter of the indigent patients admitted to Stanford come from outside Santa Clara County and neighboring San Mateo County .	0
Who is the president of Stanford University ?	Forty-eight students who took over the president 's office at Stanford University to advocate more minority faculty members and administrators pleaded no contest to trespassing charges and were sentenced to six months ' probation .	0
Who is the president of Stanford University ?	The figures were discovered after federal auditors questioned millions of dollars that Stanford had billed the government for government-backed research in recent years .	0
Who is the president of Stanford University ?	The Office of Naval Research , which monitors payments to Stanford for all government research , said Thursday that a five -person team will be sent to Palo Alto to investigate allegations concerning the billing practices .	0
Who is the president of Stanford University ?	Congressional investigators now are sifting through thousands of vouchers at the university in preparation for a hearing early next year on the manner in which Stanford has billed the government for overhead costs associated with government research .	0
Who is the president of Stanford University ?	He indicated that similar questions may exist at other universities , and investigators said that Stanford is only the first of several schools that will come under scrutiny .	0
Who is the president of Stanford University ?	Larry Horton , Stanford 's associate vice president for public affairs , said that the university has followed proper guidelines in billing the government and provided auditors with what it believes are justifications for the figures challenged in audits .	0
Who is the president of Stanford University ?	The investigation was triggered by unrest among the Stanford faculty over the high overhead rate that the university charges the government for research and complaints from a government auditor .	0
Who is the president of Stanford University ?	Stanford charges the government 74 cents for every dollar the government spends on research at the school to cover those indirect costs , one of the highest rates in the nation .	0
Who is the president of Stanford University ?	That means that the government must pay Stanford $ 1.74 million for a $ 1-million research project .	0
Who is the president of Stanford University ?	In fiscal 1989 , Stanford was paid $ 241 million for government research , including overhead .	0
Who is the president of Stanford University ?	Investigators for Dingell and the General Accounting Office , an investigative arm of Congress , said they suspect that Stanford and other universities shift as much of their operating burden as possible to the government .	0
Who is the president of Stanford University ?	For 1991 , Stanford is seeking a rate of 78 % .	0
Who is the president of Stanford University ?	A decrease in the rate would cost Stanford millions of dollars .	0
Who is the president of Stanford University ?	Frank Riddle , Stanford 's comptroller , said auditors have received additional documentation and he expects the full rate request to be approved .	0
Who is the president of Stanford University ?	For instance , the auditors have questioned $ 2.3 million in such costs that Stanford says should be paid by the government because it represented space and material used for research .	0
Who invented the road traffic cone ?	David Morgan , the company 's managing director and inventor of the plastic cone even collects them .	1
Who invented the road traffic cone ?	Morgan produced the first PVC cone in 1967 while he was working at ICI and experimenting with liquid polythene .	1
Who invented the road traffic cone ?	Morgan was runner-up in a recent British television vote for the most boring man in Britain -LRB- the winner collected brown paper bags -RRB- .	0
Who invented the road traffic cone ?	Morgan spotted one suspended over a naked bulb outside a brothel in Amsterdam .	0
Who invented the road traffic cone ?	Morgan has done well from the cones .	0
Who invented the road traffic cone ?	But Morgan sells cones to police forces and traffic authorities as far away as Saudi Arabia and China , as well as large and engineering companies across the UK .	0
Who invented the road traffic cone ?	'We get orders from all over the world , ' says Morgan .	0
Who invented the road traffic cone ?	Morgan 's company makes everything from the diminutive 13-inch traffic cone to the giant Highwayman .	0
Who invented the road traffic cone ?	Personalised wedding cones decorated with lace and frills are available to order and Morgan sells about 50 special black funeral cones a week .	0
Who invented the road traffic cone ?	Is Morgan proud of his job ?	0
Who invented the road traffic cone ?	In the interests of safety an ordinary motorway contra -flow requires about 10,000 road cones .	0
Who invented the road traffic cone ?	'For me road cones hold an extraordinary fascination , and I can spot a different design at 100 yards , ' he says .	0
Who invented the road traffic cone ?	Britain , with the best road safety record in the world , has persuaded other countries to invest in cones and 20 per cent of their sales are overseas , mostly to mainland Europe .	0
Who invented the road traffic cone ?	He has even diversified into road signs , barrier systems , flashing lamps and paint for marking out white and yellow lines .	0
Who invented the road traffic cone ?	In Britain , the 365 -page Traffic Sign Regulation and General Directions booklet gives precise dimensions and colours of cones , and the layout needed for certain types of traffic control .	0
Who invented the road traffic cone ?	'Well it 's not something I admit to socially , but it 's quite satisfying knowing my product sees people through road works safely . '	0
Who invented the road traffic cone ?	What if there is a decline in road building ?	0
Who was the first doctor to successfully transplant a liver ?	Starzl , who performed the world 's first successful liver transplant at the University of Colorado in 1967 , was admitted to the hospital Sunday with chest pains .	1
Who was the first doctor to successfully transplant a liver ?	Starzl , who performed the world 's first successful liver transplant in 1967 , was admitted Sunday with chest pains .	1
Who was the first doctor to successfully transplant a liver ?	Doing Better : Dr. Thomas E. Starzl , who performed the world 's first successful liver transplant in 1967 , was released from Pittsburgh 's Presbyterian University Hospital Tuesday , four days after undergoing a coronary artery bypass .	1
Who was the first doctor to successfully transplant a liver ?	Dr. Thomas Starzl was expected to be back seeing patients this week after undergoing coronary surgery in the hospital he helped make famous for innovative transplants .	0
Who was the first doctor to successfully transplant a liver ?	Starzl 's physician , Dr. Bruce Wilson , ordered an angioplasty , in which a catheter was put into the artery and used to inflate a tiny balloon to clear a blockage .	0
Who was the first doctor to successfully transplant a liver ?	Starzl has worked since 1981 at the University of Pittsburgh hospital , which last year performed 463 liver transplants and 210 kidney transplants .	0
Who was the first doctor to successfully transplant a liver ?	Hospital Report : Surgeon Thomas Starzl , 64 , was expected to be back seeing patients this week after undergoing coronary surgery in the Pittsburgh hospital he helped make famous for innovative transplants .	0
Who was the first doctor to successfully transplant a liver ?	`` He 's doing quite well , '' said Starzl 's physician , Bruce Wilson .	0
Who was the first doctor to successfully transplant a liver ?	Thomas E. Starzl , 64 , was reported in stable condition after undergoing the coronary artery bypass operation at Presbyterian University Hospital .	0
Who was the first doctor to successfully transplant a liver ?	Starzl , 64 , has performed hundreds of transplant operations at the same hospital .	0
Who was the first doctor to successfully transplant a liver ?	The doctor who performed the world 's first successful liver transplant underwent heart surgery Friday at the hospital where he has performed hundreds of transplants .	0
When did Nixon die ?	On Friday -LSB- 22 April -RSB- night Nixon died in his house in New Jersey -LSB- as received -RSB- at the age of 81 after suffering a stroke .	1
When did Nixon die ?	The spokesman made the statement when asked to respond to the death of Nixon , who died of illness on the night of April 22 .	1
When did Nixon die ?	U.S. President Bill Clinton has declared April 27 , Wednesday , a national day of mourning for former U.S. President Richard Nixon who died on April 22 , White House sources said here today .	1
When did Nixon die ?	Nixon , the 37th president of the United States , died of stroke on Friday -LSB- 22 April -RSB- , at the age of 81 .	1
When did Nixon die ?	Nixon died of a major stroke on the evening of April 22 at the Cornell Medical Center in New York at the age of 81 .	1
When did Nixon die ?	Nixon died in a New York hospital last Friday -LSB- 22 April -RSB- night at the age of 81 after suffering a major stroke last Friday night .	1
When did Nixon die ?	President Richard von Weizsaecker and Chancellor Helmut Kohl have paid tribute to Former U.S. President Richard Nixon , as a a major statesman .	0
When did Nixon die ?	-LSB- passage omitted -RSB- The Press and Information Office quoted Kohl as saying that Nixon had rendered great service to the United States and NATO during the years of his presidency .	0
When did Nixon die ?	Nixon had also set great store by good relations with Germany , Kohl was quoted as saying .	0
When did Nixon die ?	A Chinese Foreign Ministry spokesman here today expressed deep condolences at former U.S. President Richard Nixon 's death .	0
When did Nixon die ?	He said that when Nixon was hospitalized , Chinese leaders had conveyed their solicitude through China 's ambassador to the United States .	0
When did Nixon die ?	U.S. President Bill Clinton said here today that he was `` deeply grateful '' to late former U.S. President Richard Nixon `` for his wise counsel on many occasions '' over the past year .	0
When did Nixon die ?	Clinton made the remarks from the White House Rose Garden when formally announcing that Nixon had died in New York at 09 : 08 PM , U.S. Eastern Standard Time .	0
When did Nixon die ?	He hailed Nixon 's contributions in reaching out to countries such as China and the former Soviet Union .	0
When did Nixon die ?	Clinton said that Nixon `` had the wisdom to know when the time was right to reach out to the Soviet Union and China . ''	0
When did Nixon die ?	He said that his relationship with Nixon was `` warm and constructive '' and that `` he went out of his way to give me his best advice . ''	0
When did Nixon die ?	Clinton said that he would attend Nixon 's funeral in California .	0
When did Nixon die ?	The U.S. national flag , the Strip and Star -LSB- as received -RSB- , will flow at half mast for 30 days , beginning this evening , to honor the passing away of Nixon .	0
When did Nixon die ?	81 year old Nixon , the 37th president of the United States , died Friday of a major stroke in a New York hospital .	0
When did Nixon die ?	A service will be held at 4 : 00 p.m. , U.S. Pacific day -light time , on Wednesday at the Richard Nixon Library in his home town of Yorba Linda in California State .	0
When did Nixon die ?	Clinton , U.S. Senate Minority Leader Robert Dole -LRB- Republican -RRB- , California Governor Pete Wilson -LRB- Republican -RRB- and Nixon 's Secretary of State Henry Kissinger will deliver eulogies at the service .	0
When did Nixon die ?	Nixon 's body will be flown to California on April 26 , Tuesday , from New York , bypassing Washington and forgoing a state ceremony on Capitol Hill .	0
When did Nixon die ?	Former U.S. President Richard Nixon died of a major stroke at 2108 -LRB- EST -RRB- today at New York Hospital Cornell Medical Center at the age of 81 , reports reaching here said .	0
When did Nixon die ?	Nixon suffered a major stroke at his New Jersey home at around supper time on April 18 , and he was soon rushed to the hospital .	0
When did Nixon die ?	Beginning Thursday -LSB- 21 April -RSB- afternoon , Nixon lapsed into a very deep coma .	0
When did Nixon die ?	In 1968 , Nixon was elected president of the United States over Democrat Hubert Humphrey and independent George Wallace and on 20 January 1969 , he was sworn in as the 37th president of the country .	0
When did Nixon die ?	Beginning this evening , flags in the capital Washington and the rest of the United States will fly at half -mast for 30 days to mourn Nixon 's death .	0
When did Nixon die ?	U.N. Secretary- General Butrus Butrus-Ghali today expressed his regret of the death of former U.S. President Richard Nixon , according to a U.N. spokesman .	0
When did Nixon die ?	The spokesman said `` the secretary-general had known Mr. Nixon for many years .	0
When did Nixon die ?	The secretary-general has extended his condolences to the Nixon family , as well as to the government and the people of the United States , he said .	0
When did Nixon die ?	Chinese Vice-Premier and Foreign Minister Qian Qichen offered his condolences here this morning on the unfortunate death of former U.S. President Richard Nixon , who made important contributions to the improvement and growth of Sino-U.S. ties .	0
When did Nixon die ?	A portrait of Nixon draped with black gauze was hung on the wall in the hall .	0
When did Nixon die ?	Qian and Luo slowly walked into the embassy and shook hands with U.S. Ambassador to China J. Stapleton Roy , expressing their deep condolences on Nixon 's death .	0
When did Nixon die ?	Qian 's inscription read , `` During the time he served as U.S. president , Mr. Nixon opened the door to Sino-U.S. relations and made historic contributions . ''	0
When did Nixon die ?	Luo 's inscription expressed his deep condolences and sent his best regards to Nixon 's family and relatives .	0
When did Nixon die ?	Funeral services for former U.S. President Richard Nixon were held at 04 : 00 p.m. local time -LRB- 23 : 00 GMT -RRB- today at the Nixon Library and birthplace in Yorba Linda , Orange County , California .	0
When did Nixon die ?	The mourners were then addressed by Nixon 's secretary of state Henry Kissinger , U.S. Senate Republican leader Bob Dole , California Governor Pete Wilson and U.S. President Bill Clinton .	0
When did Nixon die ?	In their eulogies , they all recollected Nixon 's triumphs and crises , and hailed him as a great leader .	0
When did Nixon die ?	Dole said that Nixon will be remembered as a great statesman of the second half of the 20th century .	0
When did Nixon die ?	President Clinton praised Nixon as a leader with a sharp and vigilant mind and expressed his gratitude once again for Nixon 's special counsel on Russia .	0
When did Nixon die ?	They are buried in a rose garden a few steps from the black tile and whitewall house where Nixon was born 81 years ago .	0
When did Nixon die ?	Finally , a 21 - gun salute was fired to pay tribute to the 37th president , and the two U.S. national flags that had draped the casket were folded into triangles and presented to Nixon 's two daughters .	0
When did Nixon die ?	Earlier , funeral service officials said , about 42,000 people filed past Nixon 's casket in 21 hours as it lay in the Nixon Library yesterday afternoon .	0
When did Nixon die ?	In the lobby , mourners were greeted by a large color photo of a grinning Nixon giving a thumbs-up gesture .	0
When did Nixon die ?	There was also a picture taken by Nixon and his wife on China 's Great Wall during one of their visits to China .	0
Where is Microsoft 's corporate headquarters located ?	Microsoft 's stock remained relatively steady , fluctuating between Dollars 128.75 and Dollars 129.87 Microsoft will combine its own development team with the Fox group at Microsoft 's headquarters near Seattle , Washington .	1
Where is Microsoft 's corporate headquarters located ?	Other growth industries will offset these trends , notably the computer software sector centred on Microsoft , which has its headquarters in a Seattle suburb .	1
Where is Microsoft 's corporate headquarters located ?	The fall followed a meeting with analysts at the company 's Redmond , Washington , headquarters where Microsoft warned of slower growth in revenues .	1
Where is Microsoft 's corporate headquarters located ?	Competitors 'are spreading lies about us ' , Mr Bill Gates , Microsoft chairman and chief executive , told industry analysts at the company 's Redmond , Washington , headquarters recently .	1
Where is Microsoft 's corporate headquarters located ?	Starting in the fourth quarter of 1994 , the companies will test the technology by delivering services to 'a few hundred ' TCI and Microsoft employees in and around Seattle , close to Microsoft 's headquarters .	1
Where is Microsoft 's corporate headquarters located ?	`` There are three places where people are trying to build something -- Bellevue -LRB- Washington , near Microsoft 's headquarters -RRB- , Mountain View , -LRB- Calif .	1
Where is Microsoft 's corporate headquarters located ?	Washington state 's software industry is now a thriving Dollars 3bn -a-year business and the computer software industry is the fastest growing segment of the state 's economy .	0
Where is Microsoft 's corporate headquarters located ?	In 1980 , 14 software companies employed 566 people in the state , according to the Washington state department of trade and economic development .	0
Where is Microsoft 's corporate headquarters located ?	By 1990 , there were more than 500 software companies in Washington employing 9,600 people and the numbers have continued to rise .	0
Where is Microsoft 's corporate headquarters located ?	Washington and California have strong reputations for good 'quality of life ' ; a significant draw for young talented people .	0
Where is Microsoft 's corporate headquarters located ?	The University of Washington , in Seattle , has close links with local software companies , but it can provide only a fraction of the graduates that the industry needs .	0
Where is Microsoft 's corporate headquarters located ?	WSA aims to encourage Washington high school students to consider a career in the software industry and is also sponsoring scholarships at Washington University .	0
Where is Microsoft 's corporate headquarters located ?	Yet for Microsoft , the flagship of Washington 's software industry , attracting talent is hardly a problem .	0
Where is Microsoft 's corporate headquarters located ?	Indeed , Microsoft is so much bigger than any other software company in Washington that its fortunes drive the growth trend in the state 's software industry .	0
Where is Microsoft 's corporate headquarters located ?	It is bounded on two sides by water - Puget Sound to the west and Lake Washington to the east - and on three sides by mountains .	0
Where is Microsoft 's corporate headquarters located ?	Microsoft and Tele-Communications -LRB- TCI -RRB- have agreed to test interactive cable television technology jointly in Seattle , Washington .	0
Where is Microsoft 's corporate headquarters located ?	From these the company chose about 4,000 new employees , bringing its world-wide workforce to about 11,000 including about 4,400 at its Redmond headquarters in an 'East Side ' suburb of Seattle .	0
Where is Microsoft 's corporate headquarters located ?	Boeing , which has its headquarters just south of Seattle and is by far the region 's largest employer , seems set to enjoy strong long-term growth .	0
Where is Microsoft 's corporate headquarters located ?	`` Apple used to be the computer for everybody , and then it became a machine for the corporate market , '' said Tim Bajarin , executive vice president of Creative Strategies , a personal computer research firm .	0
Where is Microsoft 's corporate headquarters located ?	A strategy put in place by Sculley in 1985 to sell the Macintosh to corporate America was more successful than many expected , but the Apple model still claims only about 8 % of the market .	0
How many calories are there in a Big Mac ?	A Big Mac has 562 calories .	1
How many calories are there in a Big Mac ?	But parents , staff physicians , nutritionists and health groups nationwide question whether a fast-food restaurant -- which offers foods high in calories and cholesterol along with salads and bran muffins -- is appropriate in a hospital for children .	0
How many calories are there in a Big Mac ?	A regular bag of french fries adds 220 calories and a chocolate milkshake racks up 388 calories -- bringing the total meal to 1,170 calories .	0
How many calories are there in a Big Mac ?	For dessert , a serving of McDonald 's apple pie at 262 calories is actually about 40 calories less than a serving of apple pie from the hospital cafeteria .	0
How many calories are there in a Big Mac ?	`` It is important to get cancer patients to eat something high in calories -- french fries , milkshakes , cheeseburgers , '' Grushkin said .	0
What is the acronym for the rating system for air conditioner efficiency ?	There are some new super energy-efficient window air conditioners available with Energy Efficiency Ratios -LRB- EER -RRB- as high as 11 .	1
What is the acronym for the rating system for air conditioner efficiency ?	EER is the acronym of the moment in air-conditioning circles .	1
What is the acronym for the rating system for air conditioner efficiency ?	Its cousin , SEER , or Seasonal Energy Efficiency Rating , is used to estimate the cost of running an air conditioner over an average cooling season .	0
What is the acronym for the rating system for air conditioner efficiency ?	The heating efficiency is rated by co-efficient of performance -LRB- COP -RRB- and the cooling efficiency by SEER , like central air conditioners .	0
What is the acronym for the rating system for air conditioner efficiency ?	Cooling SEER 's are as high as 12 .	0
What is the acronym for the rating system for air conditioner efficiency ?	QUESTION : Are there any super high-efficiency window air conditioners made ?	0
What is the acronym for the rating system for air conditioner efficiency ?	Does it make sense to use a window unit even if I have central air conditioning ?	0
What is the acronym for the rating system for air conditioner efficiency ?	ANSWER : It makes a lot of sense to use a window air conditioner even though you have central air conditioning .	0
What is the acronym for the rating system for air conditioner efficiency ?	Many new window air conditioners are significantly more efficient than your present central air conditioner .	0
What is the acronym for the rating system for air conditioner efficiency ?	Instead of making a major expenditure for a new , more efficient central air conditioner , buying a relatively inexpensive , high-efficiency window or through-the-wall air conditioner is sometimes a better investment .	0
What is the acronym for the rating system for air conditioner efficiency ?	By setting your central air conditioner 's thermostat five degrees higher , you can cut your electric bills up to 25 % , depending on your climate .	0
What is the acronym for the rating system for air conditioner efficiency ?	Since it runs less , your central air conditioner should require fewer service calls .	0
What is the acronym for the rating system for air conditioner efficiency ?	Super high-efficiency window air conditioners use special coil and fin designs to improve heat transfer and efficiency .	0
What is the acronym for the rating system for air conditioner efficiency ?	These features improve the cool air distribution throughout the room or rooms and improve your comfort .	0
What is the acronym for the rating system for air conditioner efficiency ?	At least it does according to Life magazine , which in 1975 listed the invention of air conditioning among the 100 events that most shaped America .	0
What is the acronym for the rating system for air conditioner efficiency ?	Air conditioning changed America forever .	0
What is the acronym for the rating system for air conditioner efficiency ?	Perhaps nowhere , however , has air conditioning made so personal an impact upon American life than in the home .	0
What is the acronym for the rating system for air conditioner efficiency ?	In the 15 years since Life published its list of American milestones , residential air conditioning has gone from a luxury item to an expected part of daily life .	0
What is the acronym for the rating system for air conditioner efficiency ?	In Orange County , air conditioning for the home took off with the residential building boom of the 1970s .	0
What is the acronym for the rating system for air conditioner efficiency ?	And yet for large numbers of homeowners , air conditioning remains something of a mystery to be misunderstood and misused -- when it is n't being taken for granted , which is most of the time .	0
What is the acronym for the rating system for air conditioner efficiency ?	Air conditioning , whether a central system or self-contained window unit , is basically a refrigerator turned extrovert .	0
What is the acronym for the rating system for air conditioner efficiency ?	In an air conditioner , the cool gaseous Freon passes through coils in the evaporator inside the house where it absorbs heat from the warm interior air .	0
What is the acronym for the rating system for air conditioner efficiency ?	Put simply , an air conditioner is like a man bailing out a boat -- except in this case the boat is your house , the water is heat , and the bucket is the Freon .	0
What is the acronym for the rating system for air conditioner efficiency ?	Many people believe that an air conditioner somehow `` makes '' cold air .	0
What is the acronym for the rating system for air conditioner efficiency ?	The cool breeze coming from the fan of an air conditioner is air that has lost something -- about 20 degrees of heat .	0
What is the acronym for the rating system for air conditioner efficiency ?	As far as comfort goes , it is as important for an air conditioner to remove moisture from the air as it is to cool that air .	0
What is the acronym for the rating system for air conditioner efficiency ?	This moisture removal is possible because the colder air becomes , the less water it can hold .	0
What is the acronym for the rating system for air conditioner efficiency ?	As indoor air reaches its saturation point during the cooling process , the moisture it contains collects on fins inside the air conditioner and drains away .	0
What is the acronym for the rating system for air conditioner efficiency ?	Think of how a glass of ice water `` sweats '' as warm air cools on contact and gives up its moisture .	0
What is the acronym for the rating system for air conditioner efficiency ?	An air conditioner works much the same way .	0
What is the acronym for the rating system for air conditioner efficiency ?	The failure to understand this process of dehumidification can lead a homeowner to choose the wrong air conditioner .	0
What is the acronym for the rating system for air conditioner efficiency ?	Most people think bigger is better , says Mike Karsten , co-owner of Benchmark Air Systems Inc. in Anaheim .	0
What is the acronym for the rating system for air conditioner efficiency ?	But an oversize system cools so rapidly that airborne moisture has little chance to condense on collection fins .	0
What is the acronym for the rating system for air conditioner efficiency ?	`` People I run across in residential sales think choosing air conditioning is like buying a race car .	0
What is the acronym for the rating system for air conditioner efficiency ?	That is n't the case with air conditioning .	0
What is the acronym for the rating system for air conditioner efficiency ?	Most new homeowners do n't have to worry about picking the right air conditioner .	0
What is the acronym for the rating system for air conditioner efficiency ?	`` Up until the mid-1970s , -LRB- residential -RRB- air conditioning was optional , '' Karsten says .	0
What is the acronym for the rating system for air conditioner efficiency ?	During the `` optional period '' of the last 20 years , air conditioning proved popular and tens of thousands of units were installed .	0
What is the acronym for the rating system for air conditioner efficiency ?	Ralph Luciano , sales representative for Trane , a large manufacturer of air conditioners , says units today are nearly twice as efficient as they were in the mid-1970s .	0
What is the acronym for the rating system for air conditioner efficiency ?	`` Fifteen years ago , air conditioners probably ran at -LRB- an Energy Efficiency Rating of -RRB- five or six .	0
What is the acronym for the rating system for air conditioner efficiency ?	A typical central air-conditioning system for a two -bedroom house may equal three to 3 1/2 tons of cooling capacity , or 36,000 to 42,000 BTUs . -RRB-	0
What is the acronym for the rating system for air conditioner efficiency ?	Central air conditioners with EERs of 16 or more are gaining popularity with residential customers who want to get the most cooling bang for their energy buck , according to Luciano .	0
What is the acronym for the rating system for air conditioner efficiency ?	Edison spokesman Kevin Kelley says customers also get billing discounts if they enroll in a `` cycling '' program that will automatically shut off selected residential air conditioners by radio remote control during peak demand times .	0
What is the acronym for the rating system for air conditioner efficiency ?	Indoor air quality is a growing concern to homeowners , especially if a family member suffers from serious allergies .	0
What is the acronym for the rating system for air conditioner efficiency ?	The ACRI also points out that a dirty filter is n't much good for anything except cutting air flow to your system .	0
What is the acronym for the rating system for air conditioner efficiency ?	Keeping your cool by installing central air in a typical two -bedroom home can run $ 3,000 to $ 4,000 , according to Grupensperger .	0
What is the acronym for the rating system for air conditioner efficiency ?	For those who want to beat the heat on a budget , there is the economy-class alternative to central cooling , the room air conditioner .	0
What is the acronym for the rating system for air conditioner efficiency ?	Two years ago , an air conditioner slipped from a seventh -floor window in New York City and plunged to the sidewalk , killing a pedestrian .	0
What is the acronym for the rating system for air conditioner efficiency ?	Of far more global concern than the errant air conditioner dropping from the sky is the use of chlorofluorocarbons that can escape and pose a threat to the ozone layer .	0
What is the acronym for the rating system for air conditioner efficiency ?	Researchers have been experimenting with various approaches to air conditioning -- both old and new -- that would eliminate the need for CFCs .	0
What is the acronym for the rating system for air conditioner efficiency ?	One promising device based on old technology cools air by blowing it through a water mist while at the same time managing the neat trick of removing humidity .	0
What is the acronym for the rating system for air conditioner efficiency ?	It accomplishes this by adding a desiccant , lithium bromide , to the water to `` dry '' the air as it passes through the spray .	0
What is the acronym for the rating system for air conditioner efficiency ?	If effective substitutes can be found , the millions of residential and commercial air conditioners now in use could be made ozone -friendly with a simple recharge of the new cooling agents .	0
What is the acronym for the rating system for air conditioner efficiency ?	What are the newest and highest-efficiency heat pump designs -LRB- for both heating and air conditioning -RRB- available ?	0
What is the acronym for the rating system for air conditioner efficiency ?	These new heat pumps may also be a cost-effective option for homes with natural gas furnaces and central air conditioners .	0
What is the acronym for the rating system for air conditioner efficiency ?	A heat pump works both as a furnace and an air conditioner .	0
What is the acronym for the rating system for air conditioner efficiency ?	When your heating or air conditioning needs are low to moderate , which is the majority of the time , the compressor runs at a lower speed .	0
What is the acronym for the rating system for air conditioner efficiency ?	In the summer , improved comfort is even more dramatic because continuous and slower operation dehumidifies the air better .	0
What is the acronym for the rating system for air conditioner efficiency ?	If you have a gas furnace and have to replace your central air conditioner , depending on your local utility rates , a high-efficiency heat pump may be a viable option .	0
Name a film that has won the Golden Bear in the Berlin Film Festival ?	Lawrence Kasdan 's ambitious , likable fresco of LA life Grand Canyon , noted in my last report , won the Golden Bear for Best Film .	1
Name a film that has won the Golden Bear in the Berlin Film Festival ?	Grand Canyon , a Hollywood film about the decay of urban America , won the Golden Bear award for best picture at the Berlin film festival .	1
Name a film that has won the Golden Bear in the Berlin Film Festival ?	The Golden Bear for best film placed its paw on In The Name Of The Father .	1
Name a film that has won the Golden Bear in the Berlin Film Festival ?	In The Name Of The Father , a film about the wrongful conviction of the Guildford Four , won the Berlin Film Festival 's Golden Bear award .	1
Name a film that has won the Golden Bear in the Berlin Film Festival ?	Berlin Winners : `` Music Box `` by Greek director Costa-Gavras and `` Skylarks on the String `` by Czechoslovakia 's Jiri Menzel shared the top Golden Bear prize at the 40th Berlin Film Festival on Tuesday .	1
Name a film that has won the Golden Bear in the Berlin Film Festival ?	`` Music Box , '' directed by Costa - Gavras , shared its Golden Bear with a 1969 Czech work titled `` Skylarks on the String . ''	1
Name a film that has won the Golden Bear in the Berlin Film Festival ?	A short animated film from Italy called `` Mistertao `` won the third and final Golden Bear awarded this year .	1
Name a film that has won the Golden Bear in the Berlin Film Festival ?	The most famous banned film in the Hollywood Glasnost section , `` Larks `` surfaced after two decades to share the Golden Bear at the Berlin Film Festival .	1
Name a film that has won the Golden Bear in the Berlin Film Festival ?	Pick of the Far East 's two AC/DC entries was Ang Lee 's The Wedding Banquet .	0
Name a film that has won the Golden Bear in the Berlin Film Festival ?	The Wedding Banquet shared an all- Eastern Golden Bear with The Lake Of Scented Souls , reviewed by me last week .	0
Name a film that has won the Golden Bear in the Berlin Film Festival ?	`` LARKS ON A STRING '' -LRB- Czechoslovakia , 1969 ; Director : Jiri Menzel ; Fairfax , 8 : 45 p.m. -RRB- .	0
Name a film that has won the Golden Bear in the Berlin Film Festival ?	As in earlier films - Camera Buff , No End , A Short Film About Killing - the screen is a mystical assault-course of the ordinary made extraordinary .	0
Name a film that has won the Golden Bear in the Berlin Film Festival ?	In each film a loved one dies , leaving the hero or heroine -LRB- s -RRB- to cope with that Great Emotional Beyond called bereavement .	0
Name a film that has won the Golden Bear in the Berlin Film Festival ?	My handkerchief remained unused in Jacques Fansten 's Cross My Heart , although I might have taken it out to wave in surrender as the film keeps firing the same trite story ammunition at us .	0
Name a film that has won the Golden Bear in the Berlin Film Festival ?	A final wave to the 1992 Berlin Film Festival , now departing into history .	0
Name a film that has won the Golden Bear in the Berlin Film Festival ?	Did you know you can now buy wooden Russian dolls on the Ku'damm pavements which bear the faces of Gorbachev and Yeltsin ?	0
Name a film that has won the Golden Bear in the Berlin Film Festival ?	No major honour , I rue , for the best film of the final days , Georgia 's The Beloved .	0
Name a film that has won the Golden Bear in the Berlin Film Festival ?	Seldom does a film festival act as midwife to an entire new sub-genre .	0
Name a film that has won the Golden Bear in the Berlin Film Festival ?	But at Berlin a newcomer screamed into the daylight while critics gasped , onlookers applauded and everyone tried to determine whether it was a boy or a girl .	0
Name a film that has won the Golden Bear in the Berlin Film Festival ?	At best the film is vividly personal , like animated pages torn from a diary .	0
Name a film that has won the Golden Bear in the Berlin Film Festival ?	Lee 's film takes a similar plot and turns it into a crowd -pleaser that also makes dramatic and psychological sense .	0
Name a film that has won the Golden Bear in the Berlin Film Festival ?	Nothing else in the Berlin Competition sent one out glowing like these two films .	0
Name a film that has won the Golden Bear in the Berlin Film Festival ?	You winced as you stepped on Holland 's The Homecoming , a darkly ludicrous murder film shot as if by the light of a single candle .	0
Name a film that has won the Golden Bear in the Berlin Film Festival ?	Since the film was co-produced by France and Germany , there are incongruous Euro - actors : notably Charlotte Gainsbourg , Birkin 's niece , as the daughter .	0
Name a film that has won the Golden Bear in the Berlin Film Festival ?	They all sound as if they come the grungier reaches of British suburbia , and an initially unpromising film ends up holding you in sickly , sepulchral thrall .	0
Name a film that has won the Golden Bear in the Berlin Film Festival ?	You recall that brouhaha : film pilloried by agit-gays right up to Oscar time for its picture of a -LRB- seemingly -RRB- homosexual serial killer .	0
Name a film that has won the Golden Bear in the Berlin Film Festival ?	Ron Nyswaner 's script plots the film as a legal suspense story , using courtroom scenes to resolve Hanks 's unfair-dismissal suit against the firm that has soon pushed him off the payroll and torn up partnership promises .	0
Name a film that has won the Golden Bear in the Berlin Film Festival ?	But what is Kafka , the second film from director Steven -LRB- sex , lies and videotape -RRB- Soderbergh , about ?	0
Name a film that has won the Golden Bear in the Berlin Film Festival ?	A film that might have been 'inspirational ' proves 'inspired ' .	0
Name a film that has won the Golden Bear in the Berlin Film Festival ?	Finally , a brief hat-doffing to the success of these islands at the recent Berlin Film Festival .	0
Name a film that has won the Golden Bear in the Berlin Film Festival ?	The Golden Bear for best actress hugged Crissy Rock in Ken Loach 's new Ladybird , Ladybird .	0
Name a film that has won the Golden Bear in the Berlin Film Festival ?	`` Coming Out , '' an East German film about a young man 's repressed homosexuality , won the festival 's overall Silver Bear .	0
Name a film that has won the Golden Bear in the Berlin Film Festival ?	Following are The Times ' recommendations for today 's and Sunday 's schedule of the American Film Institute Los Angeles International Film Festival , with commentary by the film reviewing staff .	0
Who was President of Costa Rica in 1994 ?	Costa Rican President Rafael Angel Calderon Fournier said here today the governments of Panama and Costa Rica are complying with their bilateral agreements to both countries ' benefit .	1
Who was President of Costa Rica in 1994 ?	Interview with Costa Rican President Rafael Angel Calderon We will interview Costa Rican President Rafael Angel Calderon Fournier .	1
Who was President of Costa Rica in 1994 ?	President Salinas de Gortari and Costa Rican President Rafael Angel Calderon Fournier , who arrived in Mexico City around noon , signed the document .	1
Who was President of Costa Rica in 1994 ?	In the presence of Costa Rican President Calderon , who came specifically for this ceremony , President Salinas underscored that the way to advance Latin American integration is with actions , not just words .	1
Who was President of Costa Rica in 1994 ?	Costa Rican President Jose Maria Figueres said that because of world changes , the collapse of ideological barriers , and the end of the Cold War , Costa Rica believes that it should review its policy toward Cuba .	1
Who was President of Costa Rica in 1994 ?	The government of former President Rafael Angel Calderon Fournier -LRB- 1990 to May 1994 -RRB- on several occasions spoke of the need to resolve Cuba 's integration into the inter-American system through dialogue , in order to avoid bloodshed .	1
Who was President of Costa Rica in 1994 ?	Costa Rican President Jose Maria Figueres , who was one of the first to emerge from the FAC aircraft , said : -LSB- Figueres -RSB- `` We are all pleased to be here .	1
Who was President of Costa Rica in 1994 ?	President Li Teng -hui of the Republic of China -LSB- ROC -RSB- and Rafael Angel Calderon of the Republic of Costa Rica signed a joint communique Thursday -LSB- 5 May -RSB- afternoon in the presidential office .	1
Who was President of Costa Rica in 1994 ?	President Li made the remarks during a news conference held following a breakfast meeting with Costa Rican President Jose Maria Figueres .	1
Who was President of Costa Rica in 1994 ?	Jose Maria Figueres , who is to become the next president of Costa Rica , announced his policy on the ROC at a joint news conference with President Li Teng -hui .	1
Who was President of Costa Rica in 1994 ?	President Calderon of the Republic of Costa Rica presented Costa Rica 's state medal to President Li yesterday .	1
Who was President of Costa Rica in 1994 ?	The appeal for conciliation was made by Mr Rafael Calderon , the president of Costa Rica , to the Caribbean Community -LRB- Caricom -RRB- , when he addressed the community 's annual summit meeting .	1
Who was President of Costa Rica in 1994 ?	-LSB- Begin recording -RSB- -LSB- Calderon -RSB- We have maintained the best relations with President Endara 's government .	0
Who was President of Costa Rica in 1994 ?	-LSB- Calderon -RSB- There is nothing new .	0
Who was President of Costa Rica in 1994 ?	-LSB- Calderon -RSB- Good evening , Jacobo .	0
Who was President of Costa Rica in 1994 ?	-LSB- Calderon -RSB- We must stress one very important aspect : Mexico has shown its solidarity with Latin America .	0
Who was President of Costa Rica in 1994 ?	-LSB- Calderon -RSB- Definitely .	0
Who was President of Costa Rica in 1994 ?	-LSB- Begin Calderon recording -RSB- The free trade agreement between Mexico and Costa Rica should not only be viewed as a matter of interest for businessmen and shopowners .	0
Who was President of Costa Rica in 1994 ?	Costa Rican President-elect Jose Maria Figueres and his entourage are en route to El Salvador .	0
Who was President of Costa Rica in 1994 ?	Members of his cabinet are also accompanying Figueres , who will take office on 8 May .	0
Who was President of Costa Rica in 1994 ?	We have Figueres ' remarks while he was at the country 's largest airport , Toncontin International Airport .	0
Who was President of Costa Rica in 1994 ?	-LSB- Begin recording , in progress -RSB- -LSB- Figueres -RSB- ... .the	0
Who was President of Costa Rica in 1994 ?	-LSB- Figueres -RSB- President Reina told me of his concern and firm decision to combat every manifestation of drug trafficking .	0
Who was President of Costa Rica in 1994 ?	-LSB- Figueres -RSB- Of course , quite frequently .	0
Who was President of Costa Rica in 1994 ?	-LSB- Figueres -RSB- Yes .	0
Who was President of Costa Rica in 1994 ?	-LSB- Figueres -RSB- That must be decided by all the presidents and countries .	0
Who was President of Costa Rica in 1994 ?	-LSB- Figueres -RSB- We are going to have a new assembly , and we will have to see what the deputies think .	0
Who was President of Costa Rica in 1994 ?	-LSB- Figueres -RSB- I do not think so .	0
Who was President of Costa Rica in 1994 ?	-LSB- Reyes -RSB- In conclusion , Mr. Figueres , did the Honduran president confirm to you and your entourage he will attend your inauguration on 8 May ?	0
Who was President of Costa Rica in 1994 ?	-LSB- Figueres -RSB- He did , and I am very pleased and satisfied over that .	0
Who was President of Costa Rica in 1994 ?	-LSB- Figueres -RSB- A strong embrace , a warm greeting , and wishes of success for the four years that lie ahead .	0
Who was President of Costa Rica in 1994 ?	Figueres , in statements to NOTIMEX , said he considers `` this review of the Cuban case should be done by all the hemisphere 's countries , to find a peaceful solution to the island 's situation . ''	0
Who was President of Costa Rica in 1994 ?	It is a question that relations with that country should take on a new , broader outlook , more in accordance with the international situation , Figueres said .	0
Who was President of Costa Rica in 1994 ?	In the communique , President Calderon reiterated the support of his government for the ROC , especially support for the ROC 's bid for membership in the United Nations .	0
Who was President of Costa Rica in 1994 ?	Calderon also thanked the ROC for the economic , technical and cultural cooperation granted by the ROC to Costa Rica .	0
Who was President of Costa Rica in 1994 ?	On Friday , Li had breakfast with Jose Maria Figueres and met separately with President Alfredo Cristiani and President-elect Armando Calderon Sol of El Salvador , and Vice President of Paraguay Angel Roberto Seifart .	0
Who was President of Costa Rica in 1994 ?	Li said that during the meeting , he and Figueres exchanged opinions on matters related to existing and future cooperation between the two countries .	0
Who was President of Costa Rica in 1994 ?	President Li also pledged during the meeting to increase cooperation with Costa Rica during Figueres ' presidency .	0
Who was President of Costa Rica in 1994 ?	In response , Figueres assured Li that Costa Rica will continue to cooperate with the ROC on the international stage and fight for human rights , democracy and freedom .	0
Who was President of Costa Rica in 1994 ?	-LSB- Begin Figueres recording -RSB- We will always stand on the side of the ROC and continue to fight for the ROC when necessary , so that the ROC will gain deserving status in the international community .	0
Who was President of Costa Rica in 1994 ?	The day 's schedule of important meetings was as follows : At 1030 on 7 May , President Li met incumbent President Alfredo Cristiani and President-Elect Armando Calderon Sol of El Salvador .	0
Who was President of Costa Rica in 1994 ?	Outgoing President Calderon presided over the ceremony personally .	0
Who was President of Costa Rica in 1994 ?	Afterward , President Calderon hosted a banquet in the presidential house in honor of President and Mrs Li , the ROC delegation , and distinguished guests from various countries .	0
Who was President of Costa Rica in 1994 ?	Vice President Angel Roberto Seifart will represent President Juan Carlos Wasmosy at the inauguration of Costa Rican President-elect Julio Figueres .	0
Who was President of Costa Rica in 1994 ?	-LSB- passage omitted -RSB- -LSB- Reporter -RSB- Let us now listen to President Jose Maria Figueres .	0
Who was President of Costa Rica in 1994 ?	-LSB- Figueres -RSB- We are trying to set up a new axis around which to create a new relationship between the United States and the Central American countries .	0
Who was President of Costa Rica in 1994 ?	-LSB- Figueres -RSB- I understand that President Reina discussed the matter with Vice President Gore during a meeting prior to the meeting with all the presidents .	0
Who was President of Costa Rica in 1994 ?	Today , Presidents Carlos Salinas de Gortari of Mexico and Rafael Angel Calderon of Costa Rica signed a bilateral free trade agreement in Mexico City .	0
Who was President of Costa Rica in 1994 ?	Salinas de Gortari and Calderon signed the document at a ceremony in Los Pinos presidential residence after the Costa Rican president 's arrival in Mexico for a two-day visit that will end tomorrow .	0
Who was President of Costa Rica in 1994 ?	Calderon said : `` The 21st century begins for Costa Ricans `` with the signing of this treaty .	0
Who was President of Costa Rica in 1994 ?	'We should resolve this dialogue without a banana war , ' Mr Calderon said after speaking to the Caribbean leaders .	0
Who was President of Costa Rica in 1994 ?	'The new European regime means lower prices for bananas sold to the United States , ' said Mr Calderon .	0
Who was President of Costa Rica in 1994 ?	-LSB- Unidentified reporter -RSB- What is the status of bilateral trade between Panama and Costa Rica ?	0
Who was President of Costa Rica in 1994 ?	Very small differences have appeared regarding certain products , but through dialogue , as we have always done , Panama and Costa Rica have managed to reach an agreement and resolve our differences .	0
Who was President of Costa Rica in 1994 ?	Costa Rican Foreign Minister Bernd Niehaus today said the U.S. blockade against Cuba `` is not the proper medicine '' to get this country to return to a democratic system .	0
Who was President of Costa Rica in 1994 ?	The head of Costa Rican diplomacy said : `` None of us want our Cuban brothers to shed one drop of blood .	0
Who was President of Costa Rica in 1994 ?	Today Niehaus met with foreign reporters covering Costa Rica 's electoral process that ends tomorrow with the election of a new president , two vice presidents , 57 deputies , and authorities for the 81 Costa Rican municipalities .	0
Who was President of Costa Rica in 1994 ?	Good evening , Mr. President .	0
Who was President of Costa Rica in 1994 ?	This is a very important day for my country because the free trade agreement with Mexico will create extraordinary opportunities for development in Costa Rica .	0
Who was President of Costa Rica in 1994 ?	-LSB- Zabludovsky -RSB- Could you briefly tell us how the agreements signed today will benefit Costa Rica and Mexico ?	0
Who was President of Costa Rica in 1994 ?	-LSB- Zabludovsky -RSB- Last night Nicaraguan President Violeta de Chamorro expressed her hope that Nicaragua will also join this agreement .	0
Who was President of Costa Rica in 1994 ?	Do you think the free trade agreement between Costa Rica and Mexico can be extended to other countries in the area ?	0
Who was President of Costa Rica in 1994 ?	That has been President Salinas de Gortari 's wish from the beginning .	0
Who was President of Costa Rica in 1994 ?	Costa Rica had the opportunity to advance and persevered until the agreement was signed today .	0
Who was President of Costa Rica in 1994 ?	The rest of Central America will follow to acquire the same advantages that Mexico has given Costa Rica today .	0
Who was President of Costa Rica in 1994 ?	This afternoon , around 1400 , Mexico and Costa Rica signed a bilateral free trade agreement at Los Pinos Presidential Palace .	0
Who was President of Costa Rica in 1994 ?	During the ceremony to sign the document , President Carlos Salinas de Gortari said the free trade agreement between Costa Rica and Mexico will promote greater trade and investment , employment , and welfare opportunities for both nations .	0
Who was President of Costa Rica in 1994 ?	President Salinas spoke about the diversification of relations between Mexico and other countries and the advantages of competition .	0
Who was President of Costa Rica in 1994 ?	He gave a long speech in which he said that 5 April marked the onset of the 21st century for Costa Rica and praised President Salinas , comparing him with Bolivar , Marti , Juarez , and San Martin .	0
Who was President of Costa Rica in 1994 ?	This agreement will have significant repercussions for the future of all citizens , and it heralds a new period in relations between Mexico and Costa Rica and between Costa Rica and the other North American nations .	0
Who was President of Costa Rica in 1994 ?	-LSB- end recording -RSB- -LSB- Diaz -RSB- This free trade agreement between Mexico and Costa Rica is considered the most thorough agreement negotiated in Latin America .	0
Who was President of Costa Rica in 1994 ?	This treaty , as you have said , if ratified by the Mexican and Costa Rican senates , will enter into force on 1 January 1995 .	0
Who was President of Costa Rica in 1994 ?	A large number of the tariffs will be eliminated -- in the case of Mexican exports , 70 percent , while in the case of Costa Rican exports , 75 percent .	0
Who was President of Costa Rica in 1994 ?	-LSB- Announcer -RSB- The signing of this treaty is beneficial for Costa Rica , as well as for Mexico , of course .	0
Who was President of Costa Rica in 1994 ?	Costa Rica currently exports -- according to 1993 statistics -- an average of $ 60 million to Mexico , mainly raw materials .	0
Who was President of Costa Rica in 1994 ?	With the signing of this bilateral free trade agreement , Costa Rica will be able to increase it sale of goods and services to Mexico 400 percent .	0
Who was President of Costa Rica in 1994 ?	That is , the current value of the market , which is $ 60 million , could grow to $ 250 million , which is very beneficial for Costa Rica and the Mexican commercial opening .	0
Who was President of Costa Rica in 1994 ?	Officials in both governments said that after three years of negotiations , Mexico and Costa Rica signed the `` most advanced '' commercial treaty in Latin America .	0
Who was President of Costa Rica in 1994 ?	Foreign Trade Minister Roberto Rojas , who has been responsible for trade negotiations so far , said that the agreement with Mexico puts Costa Rica in a `` privileged '' position for its integration into NAFTA .	0
Who was President of Costa Rica in 1994 ?	He added that before such an agreement can be signed , `` the right internal , economic , and institutional conditions must exist , and Costa Rica found them '' in the negotiations with Mexico .	0
Who was President of Costa Rica in 1994 ?	The treaty with Mexico gives Costa Rica access to a market 30 times larger than the Costa Rican market .	0
Who was President of Costa Rica in 1994 ?	Business associations and government officials expect a significant boost in foreign investment and commercial trade , which currently represents a deficit for Costa Rica .	0
Who was President of Costa Rica in 1994 ?	In 1993 , Costa Rica exported approximately $ 60 million and imported $ 150 million , mostly in oil purchases , from Mexico .	0
Who was President of Costa Rica in 1994 ?	The subject was included on President Violeta Chamorro 's agenda during her official visit to Mexico , which concluded on Wednesday .	0
Who was President of Costa Rica in 1994 ?	-LSB- Reyes -RSB- Mr. President-elect , will Central America 's integration be strengthened now that Costa Rica will be participating directly and firmly , and did you discuss Central America 's drug-trafficking problem with President Reina ?	0
Who was President of Costa Rica in 1994 ?	We have that same idea in Costa Rica .	0
Who was President of Costa Rica in 1994 ?	Drug trafficking is one of modern society 's everyday problems today , and we must do everything within our capability so that the problem will not affect Honduras , Costa Rica and , of course , other countries .	0
Who was President of Costa Rica in 1994 ?	-LSB- Reyes -RSB- Will you continue to visit Honduras after you are president ?	0
Who was President of Costa Rica in 1994 ?	-LSB- Reyes -RSB- Was Central American integration the main topic you discussed with the Honduran president ?	0
Who was President of Costa Rica in 1994 ?	Costa Rica is keenly interested in making a significant contribution to a more effective and beneficial integration by all of our countries .	0
Who was President of Costa Rica in 1994 ?	-LSB- Reyes -RSB- Has your assembly made any arrangements for Costa Rica to finally become a member of all the Central American organizations ?	0
Who was President of Costa Rica in 1994 ?	Certain sectors in Costa Rica oppose joining the Central American Parliament , however , and I hope that as time passes we will gradually defeat that position .	0
Who was President of Costa Rica in 1994 ?	Costa Rica will always be at your service to help as much as it can , be it a little or much .	0
Who was President of Costa Rica in 1994 ?	The president has repeatedly said that the solution to the Cuban problem should be dealt with through negotiations at the hemispheric level , to avoid bloodshed in Cuba .	0
Who was President of Costa Rica in 1994 ?	During the last UN General Assembly , Costa Rica voted with the majority of countries against the U.S. blockade of Cuba .	0
Who was President of Costa Rica in 1994 ?	At 1615 -LSB- 2115 GMT -RSB- Peruvian President Alberto Fujimori arrived .	0
Who was President of Costa Rica in 1994 ?	Nicaraguan President Violeta Chamorro also greets the Colombian people on Radio Caracol .	0
Who was President of Costa Rica in 1994 ?	This is Violeta Barrios de Chamorro , the president of Nicaragua . ''	0
Who was President of Costa Rica in 1994 ?	Honduran President Carlos Roberto Reina briefly addressed the Colombian people .	0
Who was President of Costa Rica in 1994 ?	Because of the imminent changeover of government in Costa Rica , the conference hall was packed with correspondents from various countries who came to cover the inauguration .	0
Who was President of Costa Rica in 1994 ?	Power is being transferred peacefully in Costa Rica from the outgoing president to the incoming president , and there is no uneasiness over the changeover of political power .	0
Who was President of Costa Rica in 1994 ?	Aware of the presence of a XINHUA correspondent , President Li changed the subject by pointing out : The foremost problem on mainland China is who is going to be the successor .	0
Who was President of Costa Rica in 1994 ?	Looking at the democratic institutions in Costa Rica , we should know that lasting peace and stability must be founded on institutions .	0
Who was President of Costa Rica in 1994 ?	President Li said : `` The expression that power belongs to the people is an old saying ; it is , as a matter of fact , also very timely .	0
Who was President of Costa Rica in 1994 ?	At this point , President Li said with emotion that he has a dream .	0
Who was President of Costa Rica in 1994 ?	There has never been a president in China , in the ROC , who has handed over power to another a person while he was still alive .	0
Who was President of Costa Rica in 1994 ?	President Li , on his part , committed to further strengthen the cooperation and friendship between two countries .	0
Who was President of Costa Rica in 1994 ?	President Li Teng -hui of the Republic of China -LSB- ROC -RSB- said here over the weekend that the ROC would actively participate in international affairs as a sovereign nation .	0
Who was President of Costa Rica in 1994 ?	The Republic of China -LSB- ROC -RSB- and Costa Rica will continue strengthening bilateral cooperation and support , ROC President Li Teng-hui said over the weekend .	0
Who was President of Costa Rica in 1994 ?	Through an interpreter , he stressed that Costa Rica will continue its efforts to help the ROC gain deserving status in the international community .	0
Who was President of Costa Rica in 1994 ?	President Li Teng-hui expressed heartfelt thanks for the promise by the new Costa Rican Government .	0
Who was President of Costa Rica in 1994 ?	-LSB- Begin President Li recording -RSB- It is very important for the two sides to foster mutual understanding .	0
Who was President of Costa Rica in 1994 ?	These meetings , which were among the most important items on the schedule of President Li 's tour of Central America , are of considerable significance for enhancing the ROC 's -LSB- word indistinct -RSB- with its friendly nations .	0
Who was President of Costa Rica in 1994 ?	During the meetings , it was expected that President Li would try to enlist the leaders ' support for the ROC 's bid to participate in UN activities .	0
Who was President of Costa Rica in 1994 ?	At 1115 , he met Angel Roberto Seifart , vice president of Paraguay .	0
Who was President of Costa Rica in 1994 ?	In the afternoon , he met with Honduran President Rafael Leonardo Callejas -LSB- as heard -RSB- and later with Guatelaman President De Leon Carpio .	0
Who was President of Costa Rica in 1994 ?	Besides President Li , other heads of state who came to participate in the inauguration included the leaders of Nicaragua , Honduras , El Salvador , Colombia , and Guatelama .	0
Who was President of Costa Rica in 1994 ?	After accepting the medal , President Li emphasized that the medal is not only a personal honor but also symbolizes the noble and sincere friendship between China and Costa Rica .	0
Who was President of Costa Rica in 1994 ?	He pledged that the ROC Government would continue its efforts to enhance cooperation with the Costa Rican Government .	0
Who was President of Costa Rica in 1994 ?	China Broadcasting Corporation special correspondent Kang You-feng filed the following report : The presentation ceremony was held on the evening of 6 May , Costa Rican time .	0
Who was President of Costa Rica in 1994 ?	Former presidents and vice presidents of Costa Rica and diplomats from various countries , nearly 100 in all , were present .	0
Who was President of Costa Rica in 1994 ?	-LSB- passage omitted -RSB- After accepting the medal , President Li expressed his appreciation .	0
Who was President of Costa Rica in 1994 ?	-LSB- end recording -RSB- After the ceremony , President Li accepted congratulations from the distinguished guests .	0
Who was President of Costa Rica in 1994 ?	Seifart traveled to Costa Rica at 1600 yesterday aboard a Varig commercial flight .	0
Who was President of Costa Rica in 1994 ?	Interior Minister Carlos Podesta is accompanying the vice president .	0
Who was President of Costa Rica in 1994 ?	Seifart advised Congress of his trip to Costa Rica thus fulfilling a constitutional requirement .	0
Who was President of Costa Rica in 1994 ?	It is a great pleasure and honor to be here today in the presence of the Central American presidents and U.S. Vice President Albert Gore .	0
Who was President of Costa Rica in 1994 ?	Vice President Gore will address you , and afterward , you may pose appropriate questions , and the vice president , I , or the presidents of Central America will answer them .	0
Who was President of Costa Rica in 1994 ?	Mr. Vice President , welcome to Honduras ; this is the press from my country .	0
Who was President of Costa Rica in 1994 ?	-LSB- Reporter -RSB- Mr. U.S. Vice President , President Endara announced today that the first withdrawal of U.S. troops from the Canal Zone will take place next week .	0
Who was President of Costa Rica in 1994 ?	I have said this in order to clarify the situation for Vice President Gore .	0
Who was President of Costa Rica in 1994 ?	-LSB- Reporter -RSB- We also have statements by Guatemalan President Ramiro de Leon Carpio .	0
Who was President of Costa Rica in 1994 ?	-LSB- Reporter -RSB- Mr. President , specifically now , what kind of action can the U.S. Vice President carry out , or what degree of influence could he have to channel funds toward Central American countries ?	0
Who was President of Costa Rica in 1994 ?	Today , the vice president himself announced what we were going to request of him : trade equality .	0
Who was President of Costa Rica in 1994 ?	With the United States and the vice president integrated as external partners of the BCIE , we would obviously have better access to funds from the United States .	0
Who was President of Costa Rica in 1994 ?	-LSB- Reporter -RSB- Mr. President , you have shown your willingness to accept all that he has promised here , but , what chances do we have that this will be complied with ?	0
Who was President of Costa Rica in 1994 ?	The men did not even allow the Guatemalan president to answer the question .	0
Who was President of Costa Rica in 1994 ?	Costa Rica is the first Central American country to sign a free trade agreement with Mexico .	0
Who was President of Costa Rica in 1994 ?	He said the agreement represents `` a great step toward '' Costa Rica 's future integration into NAFTA , signed by Canada , the United States , and Mexico , which has been in effect since January .	0
Who was President of Costa Rica in 1994 ?	Costa Rica is not a member of the community but is seeking observer status .	0
What is the fare cost for the round trip between New York and London on Concorde ?	The normal Concorde return fare between London and New York is more than Pounds 5,000 and the airline takes more than Pounds 150m a year in ticket revenues from its small fleet .	1
What is the fare cost for the round trip between New York and London on Concorde ?	The round-trip fare on normal Concorde flights , between New York and London , for example , is about $ 6,400 .	1
What is the fare cost for the round trip between New York and London on Concorde ?	For them the premium New York return fare of Pounds 5,000 is justified by the savings in travelling time offered by Concorde .	0
What is the fare cost for the round trip between New York and London on Concorde ?	A standard British Airways return fare to New York costs Pounds 5,030 plus tax - Pounds 670 per hour on board - while a cheap-day Concorde return is priced at Pounds 4,156 .	0
What is the fare cost for the round trip between New York and London on Concorde ?	The group has been concentrating on three main issues , the technological requirements for a second generation supersonic airliner , environmental considerations and finally the potential market for the new jet .	0
What is the fare cost for the round trip between New York and London on Concorde ?	Like the airlines , the aerospace industry believes the only real questions are when a new supersonic aircraft will be built , and who will be in the final consortium .	0
What is the fare cost for the round trip between New York and London on Concorde ?	Concorde , with its payload of only 100 seats , has always been viewed as a 'top persons ' airliner ' , with a premium fare which has limited its market .	0
What is the fare cost for the round trip between New York and London on Concorde ?	The range is critical because it would open up new high density routes such as the trans-Pacific routes from America 's west coast to Asia , for instance Los Angeles to Tokyo .	0
What is the fare cost for the round trip between New York and London on Concorde ?	Such an aircraft could cut many long distance journey times in half and help attract new travellers to supersonic flight .	0
What is the fare cost for the round trip between New York and London on Concorde ?	Another Concorde idea for the festive season is the so-called Atlantic Time Tunnel which offers the chance to celebrate New Year 's Eve twice in the same year .	0
What is the fare cost for the round trip between New York and London on Concorde ?	Two nights later , Concorde takes you on to New York for a Bloomingdale 's reception -LRB- Dollars 10,000 to spend for one lucky passenger -RRB- and from there , on January 3 , back to London .	0
What is the fare cost for the round trip between New York and London on Concorde ?	The standard Concorde return fare to Barbados is Pounds 4,228 .	0
What is the fare cost for the round trip between New York and London on Concorde ?	They will not be those for whom Concorde is merely a rapid means of shuttling between important meetings in London , New York and Washington .	0
What is the fare cost for the round trip between New York and London on Concorde ?	They will be seeking cash aid from national governments and from Brussels for the project , which is estimated to cost the makers as much as Dollars 15bn -LRB- Pounds 10.20bn -RRB- for a maximum demand of 1,000 aircraft .	0
What is the fare cost for the round trip between New York and London on Concorde ?	It has been in discussion with the UK Department of Trade and Industry about assistance for the new project .	0
What is the fare cost for the round trip between New York and London on Concorde ?	British Airways yesterday said it was suspending its loss-making Concorde scheduled service between London and Washington DC after 18 years .	0
What is the fare cost for the round trip between New York and London on Concorde ?	BA , which will continue to operate its profitable twice-daily London - New York Concorde services , plans to develop supersonic charter flights for the US market .	0
What is the fare cost for the round trip between New York and London on Concorde ?	After the end of its thrice-weekly scheduled Concorde Washington service from November 8 BA will permanently base one of its seven Concordes at New York 's JFK airport .	0
What is the fare cost for the round trip between New York and London on Concorde ?	BA has already won business to operate a weekly Concorde charter flight between New York and Barbados for three months starting in December .	0
What is the fare cost for the round trip between New York and London on Concorde ?	BA said : 'We see possibilities for expanding charter services from New York to South America , Bermuda and Mexico . '	0
What is the fare cost for the round trip between New York and London on Concorde ?	The trip will start in London on April 1 and finish there on April 23 .	0
What is the fare cost for the round trip between New York and London on Concorde ?	The fare is $ 39,000 per person based on double occupancy or $ 40,500 for a single passenger .	0
What brand of white rum is still made in Cuba ?	If you want to try a Cuban white rum you would be better off with Havana Club .	1
What brand of white rum is still made in Cuba ?	The radio also reports that innovators from the Ministry of Construction 's Enterprise No. 1 in Pinar del Rio Province have developed a cement-hardener made from molasses and other materials available locally .	0
What brand of white rum is still made in Cuba ?	Rum is distilled wherever sugar cane is grown and in a few places where it is not .	0
What brand of white rum is still made in Cuba ?	Some rums from the former Spanish colonies were predictably fashioned for the sweet-toothed : Ron Colonial , a golden rum from Guatamala , or Ron Artemi from the Canary Islands , for example .	0
What brand of white rum is still made in Cuba ?	Both a white rum , and a three-year-old , golden , banana-smelling rum are available here .	0
What brand of white rum is still made in Cuba ?	Most are made in column stills which produce a less pungent spirit than that made in Jamaica , and one which needs a longer process of maturation .	0
What brand of white rum is still made in Cuba ?	Martinique white rums do n't impress me much , perhaps because I am reluctant to see any drink submerged beneath a liquidised fruit cocktail .	0
What brand of white rum is still made in Cuba ?	The 1966 was a dream , an absolute must for anyone who doubts rum 's ability to hold its own among the world 's great digestifs .	0
What brand of white rum is still made in Cuba ?	From the Domaine de Montebello came a 1948 rum which was magnificently spicy : cinnamon , cloves and ginger .	0
What brand of white rum is still made in Cuba ?	In the old British colonies many of the rums were made in pot stills using molasses as opposed to the cane juice preferred by the French .	0
What brand of white rum is still made in Cuba ?	Ben Cross de Chavannes , a veteran rum trader , showed me some startling figures relating to the ester-count in Jamaican rums .	0
What brand of white rum is still made in Cuba ?	During the Great War these were the only spirits made available to the Jamaicans , and they developed a taste for them .	0
What brand of white rum is still made in Cuba ?	Anyone wishing to try a subtle white rum from a British island , should sample The Baron 's CSR from St Kitts , which is remarkably smooth .	0
What brand of white rum is still made in Cuba ?	Cockspur is a golden rum with a well-mannered drink with a faintly nutmeg-like aroma .	0
What brand of white rum is still made in Cuba ?	Two rather more house -tamed rums are El Dorado Demerara rum -LRB- from Guyana -RRB- and Alfred Lamb reserve .	0
What brand of white rum is still made in Cuba ?	The 15-year-old Guyanese rum has a smell which reminded me of angelica .	0
What is the name of the chronic neurological autoimmune disease which attacks the protein sheath that surrounds nerve cells causing a gradual loss of movement in the body ?	Although MS has been the subject of intensive research activity worldwide , there is still no effective treatment for the disease , in which the body 's immune system attacks the protective coating of myelin protein around nerve fibres .	1
What is the name of the chronic neurological autoimmune disease which attacks the protein sheath that surrounds nerve cells causing a gradual loss of movement in the body ?	In MS , white blood cells -LRB- T- cells -RRB- destroy the protein sheath called myelin which protects nerve fibres .	1
What is the name of the chronic neurological autoimmune disease which attacks the protein sheath that surrounds nerve cells causing a gradual loss of movement in the body ?	But the progress of MS is variable .	1
What is the name of the chronic neurological autoimmune disease which attacks the protein sheath that surrounds nerve cells causing a gradual loss of movement in the body ?	In MS , some of the person 's immune cells inexplicably attack the nerve cells ' insulating sheaths .	1
What is the name of the chronic neurological autoimmune disease which attacks the protein sheath that surrounds nerve cells causing a gradual loss of movement in the body ?	US scientists have identified the rogue immune cells that are responsible for multiple sclerosis .	0
What is the name of the chronic neurological autoimmune disease which attacks the protein sheath that surrounds nerve cells causing a gradual loss of movement in the body ?	The discovery by Stanford University researchers working with Neurocrine Biosciences , a San Diego -based biotechnology company , could lead eventually to a cure for MS , which afflicts more than 2.6m people worldwide .	0
What is the name of the chronic neurological autoimmune disease which attacks the protein sheath that surrounds nerve cells causing a gradual loss of movement in the body ?	By good fortune , it turns out that the same genetic sequence causes MS in rats ; having an animal model always speeds up drug development .	0
What is the name of the chronic neurological autoimmune disease which attacks the protein sheath that surrounds nerve cells causing a gradual loss of movement in the body ?	Once a blocking technique has been developed , it may eventually become possible to use 'growth factors ' to repair the damaged tissues in MS patients .	0
What is the name of the chronic neurological autoimmune disease which attacks the protein sheath that surrounds nerve cells causing a gradual loss of movement in the body ?	But the ultimate cause of MS - what triggers the T- cells to attack - is not yet understood .	0
What is the name of the chronic neurological autoimmune disease which attacks the protein sheath that surrounds nerve cells causing a gradual loss of movement in the body ?	Demand for the first drug proven to have an effect against multiple sclerosis , Betaseron , outstrips supply to such an extent that a lottery is used to decide which patients should receive it .	0
What is the name of the chronic neurological autoimmune disease which attacks the protein sheath that surrounds nerve cells causing a gradual loss of movement in the body ?	When Schering of Germany launched Betaseron last September in the US , the only country in which it is licensed for sale , doctors registered 80,000 MS patients who wanted the drug .	0
What is the name of the chronic neurological autoimmune disease which attacks the protein sheath that surrounds nerve cells causing a gradual loss of movement in the body ?	Meanwhile two competing beta-interferons , developed by Ares-Serono of Switzerland and Biogen of the US , are moving through clinical trials in MS patients .	0
What is the name of the chronic neurological autoimmune disease which attacks the protein sheath that surrounds nerve cells causing a gradual loss of movement in the body ?	Besides the interferons , many other 'new generation ' MS drugs are at various stages of research and development .	0
What is the name of the chronic neurological autoimmune disease which attacks the protein sheath that surrounds nerve cells causing a gradual loss of movement in the body ?	Together they represent progress on a broad front against MS , the most common disease of the nervous system in young adults , which affects an estimated 2m people worldwide .	0
What is the name of the chronic neurological autoimmune disease which attacks the protein sheath that surrounds nerve cells causing a gradual loss of movement in the body ?	Effective MS treatments could give the pharmaceutical industry a huge new market .	0
What is the name of the chronic neurological autoimmune disease which attacks the protein sheath that surrounds nerve cells causing a gradual loss of movement in the body ?	Although the precise molecular cause of MS is not yet known , scientists agree that it is an auto-immune disease in the same broad category as rheumatoid arthritis and diabetes .	0
What is the name of the chronic neurological autoimmune disease which attacks the protein sheath that surrounds nerve cells causing a gradual loss of movement in the body ?	In the worst cases of 'chronic-progressive MS ' the neurological problems become steadily more severe and eventually kill the patient .	0
What is the name of the chronic neurological autoimmune disease which attacks the protein sheath that surrounds nerve cells causing a gradual loss of movement in the body ?	In 'relapsing-remitting MS ' the disease flares up at unpredictable intervals - and may even disappear spontaneously .	0
What is the name of the chronic neurological autoimmune disease which attacks the protein sheath that surrounds nerve cells causing a gradual loss of movement in the body ?	Neither beta-interferon nor the other experimental drugs can cure MS but , for the first time , they do promise a significant amelioration in the disease .	0
What is the name of the chronic neurological autoimmune disease which attacks the protein sheath that surrounds nerve cells causing a gradual loss of movement in the body ?	Researchers also claimed success with drugs such as cyclophosphamide and cyclosporin , which suppress the patient 's whole immune system , but these too turned out to be ineffective against MS when tested properly .	0
What is the name of the chronic neurological autoimmune disease which attacks the protein sheath that surrounds nerve cells causing a gradual loss of movement in the body ?	Tested under those conditions on patients with relapsing-remitting MS , Betaseron reduced the number of attacks by one third and reduced significantly the amount of nerve damage shown by magnetic resonance imaging .	0
What is the name of the chronic neurological autoimmune disease which attacks the protein sheath that surrounds nerve cells causing a gradual loss of movement in the body ?	All three kinds - alpha , beta and gamma - have been tested on MS .	0
What is the name of the chronic neurological autoimmune disease which attacks the protein sheath that surrounds nerve cells causing a gradual loss of movement in the body ?	Alpha had no effect , while gamma made the disease worse ; scientists now believe natural gamma-interferon may play a role in the progression of MS .	0
What is the name of the chronic neurological autoimmune disease which attacks the protein sheath that surrounds nerve cells causing a gradual loss of movement in the body ?	Most of the other MS treatments under development aim to disable the specific part of the immune system that is responsible for MS , without suppressing the other immune functions that are essential for fighting disease .	0
What is the name of the chronic neurological autoimmune disease which attacks the protein sheath that surrounds nerve cells causing a gradual loss of movement in the body ?	These are aimed either at specific types of T-cell which the researchers believe are responsible for the immune attack in MS or at 'antigens ' in the myelin which provoke the attack .	0
What is the name of the chronic neurological autoimmune disease which attacks the protein sheath that surrounds nerve cells causing a gradual loss of movement in the body ?	If so , MS will be harder to treat .	0
What is the name of the chronic neurological autoimmune disease which attacks the protein sheath that surrounds nerve cells causing a gradual loss of movement in the body ?	A broad series of experiments suggest that it may be possible to defuse the immune system in humans to treat and even prevent diseases like multiple sclerosis and diabetes .	0
What is the name of the chronic neurological autoimmune disease which attacks the protein sheath that surrounds nerve cells causing a gradual loss of movement in the body ?	Moreover , researchers at Harvard are already using special antibodies in humans in an attempt to knock out MS patients ' own antibodies that are producing the disease .	0
What is the name of the chronic neurological autoimmune disease which attacks the protein sheath that surrounds nerve cells causing a gradual loss of movement in the body ?	The Harvard researchers are also vaccinating some MS patients with immune cells in an attempt to protect them from the ravages of the disease .	0
What is the name of the chronic neurological autoimmune disease which attacks the protein sheath that surrounds nerve cells causing a gradual loss of movement in the body ?	MS is a paralyzing neurological disease that affects as many as 250,000 people in the United States .	0
What is the name of the chronic neurological autoimmune disease which attacks the protein sheath that surrounds nerve cells causing a gradual loss of movement in the body ?	In rodents and some other animals , an MS -like disease called experimental allergic encephalitis -LRB- EAE -RRB- can be produced by injecting the animals with ground-up nerve tissue .	0
What is the name of the chronic neurological autoimmune disease which attacks the protein sheath that surrounds nerve cells causing a gradual loss of movement in the body ?	In an overreaction to the injected tissues , the animals ' immune systems begin to attack their own nerve tissues , producing MS symptoms .	0
What is the name of the chronic neurological autoimmune disease which attacks the protein sheath that surrounds nerve cells causing a gradual loss of movement in the body ?	MS researchers in the past have used drugs that wipe out all T cells in an attempt to halt the progression of MS , but such drugs leave the MS patient highly susceptible to life-threatening infections .	0
What is the name of the chronic neurological autoimmune disease which attacks the protein sheath that surrounds nerve cells causing a gradual loss of movement in the body ?	Neurologist Howard L. Weiner and his colleagues at Harvard Medical School and Brigham and Women 's Hospital in Boston have used such antibodies to treat about 20 human MS patients .	0
What is the name of the chronic neurological autoimmune disease which attacks the protein sheath that surrounds nerve cells causing a gradual loss of movement in the body ?	Multiple sclerosis is a chronic neurological disease that causes weakness , tremors and paralysis in as many as 250,000 Americans .	0
What is the name of the chronic neurological autoimmune disease which attacks the protein sheath that surrounds nerve cells causing a gradual loss of movement in the body ?	Researchers in San Diego have developed a vaccine against an animal disease that mimics the effects of multiple sclerosis in humans , according to an article in Thursday 's issue of Science magazine .	0
What is the name of the chronic neurological autoimmune disease which attacks the protein sheath that surrounds nerve cells causing a gradual loss of movement in the body ?	Continuing research in San Diego and elsewhere now suggests that doctors might one day be able to prevent and treat diseases such as MS and diabetes , both of which occur when the body 's immune system goes awry .	0
What is the name of the chronic neurological autoimmune disease which attacks the protein sheath that surrounds nerve cells causing a gradual loss of movement in the body ?	MS is a chronic disease that causes weakness , tremors and paralysis .	0
What is the name of the chronic neurological autoimmune disease which attacks the protein sheath that surrounds nerve cells causing a gradual loss of movement in the body ?	The San Diego -based researchers and the Portland group are using synthetic molecules to immunize mice against experimental allergic encephalitis -LRB- EAE -RRB- , an animal virus that produces MS -like symptoms .	0
What is the name of the chronic neurological autoimmune disease which attacks the protein sheath that surrounds nerve cells causing a gradual loss of movement in the body ?	MS and EAE occur when the body is attacked by its own immune system .	0
What is the name of the chronic neurological autoimmune disease which attacks the protein sheath that surrounds nerve cells causing a gradual loss of movement in the body ?	Lawrence Steinman , leader of the Stanford/Neurocrine research team , says the scientists are following three approaches : The primary effort is to make a 'molecular decoy ' which can attract the T- cells away from the myelin .	0
What is the name of the chronic neurological autoimmune disease which attacks the protein sheath that surrounds nerve cells causing a gradual loss of movement in the body ?	The body 's immune system , which is intended to defend it against germs and other foreign invaders , turns against its own cells .	0
What is the name of the chronic neurological autoimmune disease which attacks the protein sheath that surrounds nerve cells causing a gradual loss of movement in the body ?	Symptoms include partial paralysis , blurred vision and speech difficulties .	0
What is the name of the chronic neurological autoimmune disease which attacks the protein sheath that surrounds nerve cells causing a gradual loss of movement in the body ?	Until now , doctors have only been able to offer patients 'comfort therapy ' such as pain- killers and anti-inflammatory drugs , which control some of the symptoms but have no effect on the underlying disease .	0
What is the name of the chronic neurological autoimmune disease which attacks the protein sheath that surrounds nerve cells causing a gradual loss of movement in the body ?	According to Ares-Serono , it may both decrease the activity of the immune cells that destroy myelin and counteract the disease-enhancing effects of gamma-interferon .	0
What is the name of the chronic neurological autoimmune disease which attacks the protein sheath that surrounds nerve cells causing a gradual loss of movement in the body ?	As a result they have sugar chains on the protein surface , like natural human interferon but unlike the Schering product .	0
What is the name of the chronic neurological autoimmune disease which attacks the protein sheath that surrounds nerve cells causing a gradual loss of movement in the body ?	In theory this could give them a clinical advantage - in terms of fewer side-effects and improved efficacy - but there is no evidence to show whether they work better in practice .	0
What is the name of the chronic neurological autoimmune disease which attacks the protein sheath that surrounds nerve cells causing a gradual loss of movement in the body ?	It suppresses harmful T- cells and may also stimulate the regrowth of damaged myelin .	0
What is the name of the chronic neurological autoimmune disease which attacks the protein sheath that surrounds nerve cells causing a gradual loss of movement in the body ?	Myloral , a formulation of bovine -LRB- cow -RRB- myelin , developed by AutoImmune , a Massachusetts biotechnology company .	0
What is the name of the chronic neurological autoimmune disease which attacks the protein sheath that surrounds nerve cells causing a gradual loss of movement in the body ?	The patient is fed the protein so that the immune system comes to tolerate it and therefore is less inclined to attack his or her own myelin .	0
What is the name of the chronic neurological autoimmune disease which attacks the protein sheath that surrounds nerve cells causing a gradual loss of movement in the body ?	Copolymer-1 -LRB- Cop-1 -RRB- , a synthetic chemical resembling myelin protein , developed by Teva in Israel .	0
What is the name of the chronic neurological autoimmune disease which attacks the protein sheath that surrounds nerve cells causing a gradual loss of movement in the body ?	When injected into the patient , this decoy attracts the immune cells away from the real myelin .	0
What is the name of the chronic neurological autoimmune disease which attacks the protein sheath that surrounds nerve cells causing a gradual loss of movement in the body ?	Articles over the last six months have looked at pharmaceutical advances in the following areas : Sepsis 31 March Prostate 25 February Wound healing 21 January Obesity 23 December Contraceptives 12 November Anaesthetics 15 October	0
What is the name of the chronic neurological autoimmune disease which attacks the protein sheath that surrounds nerve cells causing a gradual loss of movement in the body ?	`` I think it is going to be a source of great excitement in the neurological and virological communities . ''	0
What is the name of the chronic neurological autoimmune disease which attacks the protein sheath that surrounds nerve cells causing a gradual loss of movement in the body ?	Olsen has found traces of the virus in patients with lupus , an autoimmune disorder in which the victims ' immune systems attack their connective tissues and internal organs .	0
What is the name of the chronic neurological autoimmune disease which attacks the protein sheath that surrounds nerve cells causing a gradual loss of movement in the body ?	Olsen 's vaccine does not contain the virus itself , but proteins that are secreted by HTLV - 1 -infected animal cells that are grown in the laboratory .	0
What is the name of the chronic neurological autoimmune disease which attacks the protein sheath that surrounds nerve cells causing a gradual loss of movement in the body ?	In the development of the feline leukemia virus , Olsen found that these precursor proteins produce a greater immune response than the viral proteins themselves and are less likely to produce harmful effects .	0
What is the name of the chronic neurological autoimmune disease which attacks the protein sheath that surrounds nerve cells causing a gradual loss of movement in the body ?	That is an important finding , Olsen argued , because most potential AIDS vaccines now being studied use only one type of protein or the other , and are thus less likely to be effective .	0
What is the name of the chronic neurological autoimmune disease which attacks the protein sheath that surrounds nerve cells causing a gradual loss of movement in the body ?	`` More than one protein is going to be necessary '' for an AIDS vaccine , he said in a telephone interview .	0
What is the name of the chronic neurological autoimmune disease which attacks the protein sheath that surrounds nerve cells causing a gradual loss of movement in the body ?	But white blood cells from the nine vaccinated monkeys showed no evidence of viral activity , suggesting that the vaccine protected them from the virus .	0
What is the name of the chronic neurological autoimmune disease which attacks the protein sheath that surrounds nerve cells causing a gradual loss of movement in the body ?	Olsen agrees , and is now using sophisticated genetic engineering techniques to search for the viral genes in white blood cells from the vaccinated monkeys .	0
What is the name of the chronic neurological autoimmune disease which attacks the protein sheath that surrounds nerve cells causing a gradual loss of movement in the body ?	Only about 1 % of people infected by the virus actually develop disease , he said , so a vaccine would have to have a very low incidence of side effects to justify using it .	0
What is the name of the chronic neurological autoimmune disease which attacks the protein sheath that surrounds nerve cells causing a gradual loss of movement in the body ?	The attack is carried out by immune cells , called T cells , that normally proliferate in response to an infection and destroy the foreign invader .	0
What is the name of the chronic neurological autoimmune disease which attacks the protein sheath that surrounds nerve cells causing a gradual loss of movement in the body ?	The goal of most research now is to deactivate only those specific T cells that are attacking the nerve sheath while leaving the rest of the immune system intact .	0
What is the name of the chronic neurological autoimmune disease which attacks the protein sheath that surrounds nerve cells causing a gradual loss of movement in the body ?	In passive immunization , the researchers attack the T cells that have already been formed .	0
What is the name of the chronic neurological autoimmune disease which attacks the protein sheath that surrounds nerve cells causing a gradual loss of movement in the body ?	In an active approach , such as that reported today in the journal Nature , the researchers hope to prevent the formation of the destructive T cells in the first place .	0
What is the name of the chronic neurological autoimmune disease which attacks the protein sheath that surrounds nerve cells causing a gradual loss of movement in the body ?	The immune system produced antibodies against the injected T cells -- and thus against the identical T cells produced by the animals ' bodies .	0
What is the name of the chronic neurological autoimmune disease which attacks the protein sheath that surrounds nerve cells causing a gradual loss of movement in the body ?	These antibodies hold the T cells in check and thereby block progression of the disease .	0
What is the name of the chronic neurological autoimmune disease which attacks the protein sheath that surrounds nerve cells causing a gradual loss of movement in the body ?	Weiner has already tried this approach in three human patients , isolating T cells from spinal fluid , deactivating them , and reinjecting them .	0
What is the name of the chronic neurological autoimmune disease which attacks the protein sheath that surrounds nerve cells causing a gradual loss of movement in the body ?	When they vaccinated rats with the peptide , the rats no longer developed EAE when they were subsequently injected with ground nerve tissue .	0
What is the name of the chronic neurological autoimmune disease which attacks the protein sheath that surrounds nerve cells causing a gradual loss of movement in the body ?	This approach is preferable to the use of whole cells because it is more widely applicable .	0
What is the name of the chronic neurological autoimmune disease which attacks the protein sheath that surrounds nerve cells causing a gradual loss of movement in the body ?	In treating humans , the patient 's own deactivated cells must be used so that the injection does not cause an adverse immune reaction .	0
What is the name of the chronic neurological autoimmune disease which attacks the protein sheath that surrounds nerve cells causing a gradual loss of movement in the body ?	In both diseases , cells that normally keep organisms healthy by destroying foreign cells inexplicably attack nerve cells and cause neurological diseases .	0
What nuclear-powered Russian submarine sank in the Norwegian Sea on April 7 , 1989 ?	NEZAVISIMAYA GAZETA on the Komsomolets nuclear-powered submarine which sank in the Norwegian Sea five years ago : `` A radiation disaster in the Norwegian Sea is more than probable .	1
What nuclear-powered Russian submarine sank in the Norwegian Sea on April 7 , 1989 ?	The author of this book -- the assistant chief designer of the submarine `` Komsomolets '' -- offers his interpretation of the tragedy that played itself out in the Sea of Norway on 7 April 1989 .	1
What nuclear-powered Russian submarine sank in the Norwegian Sea on April 7 , 1989 ?	Russian specialists and scientists have proposed a unique method of preserving the submarine Komsomolets which sank 7 April 1989 in the Norwegian Sea approximately 180 miles southeast of Bear Island .	1
What nuclear-powered Russian submarine sank in the Norwegian Sea on April 7 , 1989 ?	The nuclear submarine Komsomolets has now been lying on the bottom of the Norwegian Sea for almost five years .	1
What nuclear-powered Russian submarine sank in the Norwegian Sea on April 7 , 1989 ?	The nuclear warheads of the torpedoes in the nuclear-powered submarine Komsomolets that sank exactly five years ago in the Norwegian Sea remain intact .	1
What nuclear-powered Russian submarine sank in the Norwegian Sea on April 7 , 1989 ?	Russia 's Ministry for Emergencies plans to buy equipment that will make live telecast possible from the nuclear-powered submarine Komsomolets that sunk in the Norwegian sea on April 7 , 1989 .	1
What nuclear-powered Russian submarine sank in the Norwegian Sea on April 7 , 1989 ?	KOPRON is being disbanded and so are the mobile structures carrying out active preparations for the conservation of warheads on the Komsomolets . ''	0
What nuclear-powered Russian submarine sank in the Norwegian Sea on April 7 , 1989 ?	This book was published with the assistance of the Nuclear- Powered Submarine `` Komsomolets '' Memorial Charity .	0
What nuclear-powered Russian submarine sank in the Norwegian Sea on April 7 , 1989 ?	The documentary narrative `` The Tragedy of the Submarine `` Komsomolets '' '' can not be considered to be the labor of a single author .	0
What nuclear-powered Russian submarine sank in the Norwegian Sea on April 7 , 1989 ?	A. Vanin 's poorly trained crew was sent off on that fateful cruise aboard the ill-prepared submarine `` Komsomolets '' .	0
What nuclear-powered Russian submarine sank in the Norwegian Sea on April 7 , 1989 ?	Different hypotheses regarding the causes of the tragedy of the Soviet nuclear-powered submarine `` Komsomolets '' have been stated in numerous articles published in a number of newspapers and journals by representatives of the navy .	0
What nuclear-powered Russian submarine sank in the Norwegian Sea on April 7 , 1989 ?	The submarine `` Komsomolets '' did not differ in any way from modern submarines currently in operation in terms of the composition of combat and technical resources , including its control systems and its damage control systems .	0
What nuclear-powered Russian submarine sank in the Norwegian Sea on April 7 , 1989 ?	In 1988 the submarine was recognized as an outstanding submarine , and it was awarded the name `` Komsomolets '' .	0
What nuclear-powered Russian submarine sank in the Norwegian Sea on April 7 , 1989 ?	Preparation of the Submarine `` Komsomolets '' for Launching	0
What nuclear-powered Russian submarine sank in the Norwegian Sea on April 7 , 1989 ?	The Crew According to the detail design , the submarine `` Komsomolets '' should have been serviced by highly qualified specialists from among officers and warrant officer technicians .	0
What nuclear-powered Russian submarine sank in the Norwegian Sea on April 7 , 1989 ?	This reduction of professional level , `` planned '' by the navy 's elite , affected not only the crew of the submarine `` Komsomolets '' but also all other submarines .	0
What nuclear-powered Russian submarine sank in the Norwegian Sea on April 7 , 1989 ?	`` Komsomolets '' crew members were questioned in a fault finding manner by the State Commission , which also contains representatives of industry .	0
What nuclear-powered Russian submarine sank in the Norwegian Sea on April 7 , 1989 ?	A news brief appeared in the 13 May 1989 edition of PRAVDA regarding decoration of the crew of the submarine `` Komsomolets '' .	0
What nuclear-powered Russian submarine sank in the Norwegian Sea on April 7 , 1989 ?	Preparations for the Cruise : Routine inspection and maintenance and work to correct existing faults were carried out prior to the cruise of the submarine `` Komsomolets '' in accordance with regulations .	0
What nuclear-powered Russian submarine sank in the Norwegian Sea on April 7 , 1989 ?	The trial run of the submarine `` Komsomolets '' demonstrated the need for creating such a crew .	0
What nuclear-powered Russian submarine sank in the Norwegian Sea on April 7 , 1989 ?	In order that the full volume of routine maintenance and inspection could be carried out within the established time aboard a `` Komsomolets '' class submarine , not less than 200 -250 highly qualified specialists must be brought in .	0
What nuclear-powered Russian submarine sank in the Norwegian Sea on April 7 , 1989 ?	Everything said here is completely valid in relation to the submarine `` Komsomolets '' as well .	0
What nuclear-powered Russian submarine sank in the Norwegian Sea on April 7 , 1989 ?	But let 's return to the submarine `` Komsomolets '' .	0
What nuclear-powered Russian submarine sank in the Norwegian Sea on April 7 , 1989 ?	An examination of the submarine `` Komsomolets '' with deep-sea submersibles in August - September 1991 revealed that it lacked an aft outboard television camera .	0
What nuclear-powered Russian submarine sank in the Norwegian Sea on April 7 , 1989 ?	Such was the `` readiness '' of the submarine `` Komsomolets '' for the difficult cruise .	0
What nuclear-powered Russian submarine sank in the Norwegian Sea on April 7 , 1989 ?	And so , on 28 February 1989 the submarine `` Komsomolets '' set off on its cruise .	0
What nuclear-powered Russian submarine sank in the Norwegian Sea on April 7 , 1989 ?	On 8 August 1988 the naval command and the USSR Ministry of Ship Building Industry adopted a joint decision to use the `` Komsomolets '' purposefully , in a special scientific research program .	0
What nuclear-powered Russian submarine sank in the Norwegian Sea on April 7 , 1989 ?	Such are the myths and realities regarding the goals of the last cruise of the submarine `` Komsomolets '' .	0
What nuclear-powered Russian submarine sank in the Norwegian Sea on April 7 , 1989 ?	The Submarine `` Komsomolets '' on Patrol	0
What nuclear-powered Russian submarine sank in the Norwegian Sea on April 7 , 1989 ?	I have before me the `` Extract From the Draft Ship 's Log of the Nuclear-Powered Submarine `` Komsomolets '' '' authenticated by the Northern Fleet chief of staff Vice Admiral Yu .	0
What nuclear-powered Russian submarine sank in the Norwegian Sea on April 7 , 1989 ?	There was one aboard the `` Komsomolets '' as well .	0
What nuclear-powered Russian submarine sank in the Norwegian Sea on April 7 , 1989 ?	As was mentioned earlier , the `` Manual on Combat Use of Technical Resources '' -LRB- RBITS -RRB- had not been written by Naval Institute No. 1 for the submarine `` Komsomolets '' .	0
What nuclear-powered Russian submarine sank in the Norwegian Sea on April 7 , 1989 ?	2 . The deflagration did not start a fire in the compartment , which says something about the rather high fire resistance of the `` Komsomolets '' submarine .	0
What nuclear-powered Russian submarine sank in the Norwegian Sea on April 7 , 1989 ?	At 1250 the headquarters of the Northern Fleet transmitted a radio message to the `` Komsomolets '' forbidding the ship 's submergence and suggesting it remain adrift .	0
What nuclear-powered Russian submarine sank in the Norwegian Sea on April 7 , 1989 ?	Apparently the command of the `` Komsomolets '' lacked not only the ability to organize ship damage control efforts but also the courage to report the status of the submarine objectively and promptly .	0
What nuclear-powered Russian submarine sank in the Norwegian Sea on April 7 , 1989 ?	This is apparently the result of the `` Komsomolets '' leadership misinforming the Northern Fleet command .	0
What nuclear-powered Russian submarine sank in the Norwegian Sea on April 7 , 1989 ?	And even in these last minutes of the tragedy , the leadership of the `` Komsomolets '' lacked the courage to communicate the whole truth to the Northern Fleet 's command post .	0
What nuclear-powered Russian submarine sank in the Norwegian Sea on April 7 , 1989 ?	As an example he cited the accident aboard the submarine `` Komsomolets '' .	0
What nuclear-powered Russian submarine sank in the Norwegian Sea on April 7 , 1989 ?	Just due to this , members of the `` Komsomolets '' crew failed to put on survival suits , and did not take their safety vests and life jackets .	0
What nuclear-powered Russian submarine sank in the Norwegian Sea on April 7 , 1989 ?	The one thing that the leadership of the `` Komsomolets '' did manage to do was to report to the Northern Fleet 's command post back at 1641 that the personnel were ready for evacuation .	0
What nuclear-powered Russian submarine sank in the Norwegian Sea on April 7 , 1989 ?	The `` Komsomolets '' is the only submarine in the navy that carries rafts outside the pressure hull .	0
What nuclear-powered Russian submarine sank in the Norwegian Sea on April 7 , 1989 ?	The rafts of the submarine `` Komsomolets '' were in hard containers , each with two rack -and -pinion releases .	0
What nuclear-powered Russian submarine sank in the Norwegian Sea on April 7 , 1989 ?	At 1645 the Northern Fleet commander ordered the commander of the `` Komsomolets '' to prepare the rescue chamber -LRB- VSK -RRB- for separation from the submarine .	0
What nuclear-powered Russian submarine sank in the Norwegian Sea on April 7 , 1989 ?	As is the case aboard other submarines , the rescue chamber of the `` Komsomolets '' is intended for the rescue of the entire crew when the submarine is on the bottom .	0
What nuclear-powered Russian submarine sank in the Norwegian Sea on April 7 , 1989 ?	The submarine `` Komsomolets '' began sinking with a trim of around 80 by the stern .	0
What nuclear-powered Russian submarine sank in the Norwegian Sea on April 7 , 1989 ?	The ignorance of the personnel of the `` Komsomolets '' of the physical laws and principles of action of the rescue chamber releasing devices can be clearly discerned in this episode .	0
What nuclear-powered Russian submarine sank in the Norwegian Sea on April 7 , 1989 ?	Ship 's Clock of the Submarine `` Komsomolets ''	0
What nuclear-powered Russian submarine sank in the Norwegian Sea on April 7 , 1989 ?	This discussion of hydraulic shock is based on the practical experience of designing the submarine `` Komsomolets '' .	0
What nuclear-powered Russian submarine sank in the Norwegian Sea on April 7 , 1989 ?	The rest of the crew of the submarine `` Komsomolets '' was continuing its fight for its life during this time .	0
What nuclear-powered Russian submarine sank in the Norwegian Sea on April 7 , 1989 ?	They have obviously exhausted the limit of their concern for the crew of the submarine `` Komsomolets '' , such that there was not enough left for giving three submariners a decent human burial in the ground .	0
What nuclear-powered Russian submarine sank in the Norwegian Sea on April 7 , 1989 ?	Concluding my narration of the actions of the crew of the submarine `` Komsomolets '' during the accident , it would be wrong not to mention the heroic and self-sacrificing actions of certain members of the crew .	0
What nuclear-powered Russian submarine sank in the Norwegian Sea on April 7 , 1989 ?	Weak combat and occupational training of the crew led to the tragic outcome of the accident aboard the submarine `` Komsomolets '' .	0
What nuclear-powered Russian submarine sank in the Norwegian Sea on April 7 , 1989 ?	4 . There is no evidence that the submarine `` Komsomolets '' went to sea with a serviceable oxygen gas analyzer and with a serviceable television system .	0
What nuclear-powered Russian submarine sank in the Norwegian Sea on April 7 , 1989 ?	There still are numerous unanswered questions in the investigation of the circumstances of the accident of the submarine `` Komsomolets '' .	0
What nuclear-powered Russian submarine sank in the Norwegian Sea on April 7 , 1989 ?	The `` Komsomolets '' was not `` a vessel intended for experimentation , '' but an experimental ship -- that is , an experimental model of armament .	0
What nuclear-powered Russian submarine sank in the Norwegian Sea on April 7 , 1989 ?	It was for these purposes that the submarine `` Komsomolets '' was created .	0
What nuclear-powered Russian submarine sank in the Norwegian Sea on April 7 , 1989 ?	The government decree on adoption of the submarine `` Komsomolets '' by the navy was coordinated with many military leaders , including the naval commander -in- chief and the USSR minister of defense .	0
What nuclear-powered Russian submarine sank in the Norwegian Sea on April 7 , 1989 ?	In this respect , contrary to Captain 1st Rank Kolyada 's opinion , the submarine `` Komsomolets '' did not require any additional certification .	0
What nuclear-powered Russian submarine sank in the Norwegian Sea on April 7 , 1989 ?	It has its own history , one which has no relationship to the submarine `` Komsomolets '' .	0
What nuclear-powered Russian submarine sank in the Norwegian Sea on April 7 , 1989 ?	And so this unseemly history culminated with slander directed at the submarine `` Komsomolets '' .	0
What nuclear-powered Russian submarine sank in the Norwegian Sea on April 7 , 1989 ?	It reads : `` The `` Komsomolets '' was a unique submarine , and its design deficiencies were also unique in their own way .	0
What nuclear-powered Russian submarine sank in the Norwegian Sea on April 7 , 1989 ?	The fact that even after that deflagration occurred in compartment 5 a fire did n't start in it also attests to the fire safety of compartments of the submarine `` Komsomolets '' .	0
What nuclear-powered Russian submarine sank in the Norwegian Sea on April 7 , 1989 ?	If the fire aboard the submarine `` Komsomolets '' had not been extinguished by means of this system , this system is not at fault : fire extinguisher was not delivered to the distressed compartment .	0
What nuclear-powered Russian submarine sank in the Norwegian Sea on April 7 , 1989 ?	The authors assert that `` as in Chernobyl , the disaster aboard the `` Komsomolets '' was embodied in its design. ''	0
What nuclear-powered Russian submarine sank in the Norwegian Sea on April 7 , 1989 ?	Relax , comrade scientists , everything is in order with the official name of the submarine `` Komsomolets '' .	0
What nuclear-powered Russian submarine sank in the Norwegian Sea on April 7 , 1989 ?	To reassure you , let me give you the full official name of the submarine `` Komsomolets '' : `` deep-sea large nuclear-powered torpedo submarine . ''	0
What nuclear-powered Russian submarine sank in the Norwegian Sea on April 7 , 1989 ?	The author writes : `` The fire aboard the `` Komsomolets '' was altogether unprecedented .	0
What nuclear-powered Russian submarine sank in the Norwegian Sea on April 7 , 1989 ?	How far must we go in the effort to somehow find fault with the submarine `` Komsomolets '' ? !	0
What nuclear-powered Russian submarine sank in the Norwegian Sea on April 7 , 1989 ?	But at least because it was the first of its kind , as is true with all prototype ships , initially the `` Komsomolets '' needed further design improvements -- that is , it was not perfect .	0
What nuclear-powered Russian submarine sank in the Norwegian Sea on April 7 , 1989 ?	Still , we should be thankful to the writer for his high assessment of the deep-sea qualities of the submarine `` Komsomolets '' .	0
What nuclear-powered Russian submarine sank in the Norwegian Sea on April 7 , 1989 ?	As for specific complaints regarding the design of the submarine `` Komsomolets '' , there is nothing to say -- Boyko simply did n't have any .	0
What nuclear-powered Russian submarine sank in the Norwegian Sea on April 7 , 1989 ?	Fire detection equipment was foreseen aboard the submarine `` Komsomolets '' .	0
What nuclear-powered Russian submarine sank in the Norwegian Sea on April 7 , 1989 ?	The detail design of the submarine `` Komsomolets '' was developed to include an LOKh firefighting system equipped with remote control from the control room .	0
What nuclear-powered Russian submarine sank in the Norwegian Sea on April 7 , 1989 ?	As the division deputy commander Captain 1st Rank Kolyada bears a certain amount of responsibility for the fact that such recommendations were not drawn up for the submarine `` Komsomolets '' .	0
What nuclear-powered Russian submarine sank in the Norwegian Sea on April 7 , 1989 ?	9 . In conclusion we need to examine the `` numerous design imperfections '' revealed in the investigation of the accident aboard the submarine `` Komsomolets '' .	0
What nuclear-powered Russian submarine sank in the Norwegian Sea on April 7 , 1989 ?	In August 1990 the USSR Council of Ministers published a decree on the results of the examination of the circumstances behind the accident aboard the submarine `` Komsomolets '' , drafted by the naval leadership .	0
What nuclear-powered Russian submarine sank in the Norwegian Sea on April 7 , 1989 ?	Such placement of panels is characteristic of all of the navy 's submarines , and it is not a peculiarity of the submarine `` Komsomolets '' .	0
What nuclear-powered Russian submarine sank in the Norwegian Sea on April 7 , 1989 ?	The oil reserve 's location in the aft compartment is not a peculiarity of the submarine `` Komsomolets '' .	0
What nuclear-powered Russian submarine sank in the Norwegian Sea on April 7 , 1989 ?	As for the overall amount of equipment , compartment 7 aboard the `` Komsomolets '' has less than any of the others .	0
What nuclear-powered Russian submarine sank in the Norwegian Sea on April 7 , 1989 ?	There are significantly fewer such openings aboard the `` Komsomolets '' than in other submarines of the navy .	0
What nuclear-powered Russian submarine sank in the Norwegian Sea on April 7 , 1989 ?	In particular there are 53 openings in the pressure hull in the aft compartment of a certain third-generation submarine with a compartment 7 of the same size as that in the `` Komsomolets '' .	0
What nuclear-powered Russian submarine sank in the Norwegian Sea on April 7 , 1989 ?	There were only 38 openings in the pressure hull in compartment 7 of the submarine `` Komsomolets '' .	0
What nuclear-powered Russian submarine sank in the Norwegian Sea on April 7 , 1989 ?	4 . The assertion of the authors of the remark that the distribution panels aboard the submarine `` Komsomolets '' are not protected from the influence of oil vapor is inconsistent with reality .	0
What nuclear-powered Russian submarine sank in the Norwegian Sea on April 7 , 1989 ?	This system for removing oil vapor from air is also used aboard other submarines of the navy , and the `` Komsomolets '' is not unique in this .	0
What nuclear-powered Russian submarine sank in the Norwegian Sea on April 7 , 1989 ?	In all of the time that the `` Komsomolets '' was in operation , not a single case of oil getting on equipment in any compartment was documented .	0
What nuclear-powered Russian submarine sank in the Norwegian Sea on April 7 , 1989 ?	The detail design of the submarine `` Komsomolets '' had already been approved by this time -LRB- 1972 -RRB- , and the shop drawings were practically finished .	0
What nuclear-powered Russian submarine sank in the Norwegian Sea on April 7 , 1989 ?	The submarine `` Komsomolets '' was designed in accordance with specifications approved in 1966 , and the TPPL-67 submarine design requirements , developed by the navy .	0
What nuclear-powered Russian submarine sank in the Norwegian Sea on April 7 , 1989 ?	11.4.26 of the TPPL-75 were satisfied in the submarine `` Komsomolets '' , with the exception of requirements on using KMZh cable in emergency electric power networks .	0
What nuclear-powered Russian submarine sank in the Norwegian Sea on April 7 , 1989 ?	The `` consequences '' of imagined peculiarities of the submarine `` Komsomolets '' dreamed up by the authors are also inconsistent with reality .	0
What nuclear-powered Russian submarine sank in the Norwegian Sea on April 7 , 1989 ?	However , the RBITS never was written by the Naval Institute No. 1 , and the navy 's Main Directorate for Operation and Repair did not plan or support its development for the `` Komsomolets '' in time .	0
What nuclear-powered Russian submarine sank in the Norwegian Sea on April 7 , 1989 ?	The detail design for the submarine `` Komsomolets '' was drawn up with an LOKh system that could be started remotely from the attack center in accordance with requirements of the specifications and the TPPL- 67 .	0
What nuclear-powered Russian submarine sank in the Norwegian Sea on April 7 , 1989 ?	A manually started LOKh system is used on most submarines , and therefore the assertion of the authors of the remark that this was a peculiarity of the submarine `` Komsomolets '' is inconsistent with reality .	0
What nuclear-powered Russian submarine sank in the Norwegian Sea on April 7 , 1989 ?	In this case for unknown reasons the navy decided not to install the system in the submarine `` Komsomolets '' , and it did not foresee completion of these developments for this ship .	0
What nuclear-powered Russian submarine sank in the Norwegian Sea on April 7 , 1989 ?	It is consequently wrong for the navy to lodge any complaints about the absence of a remotely started LOKh system aboard the submarine `` Komsomolets '' .	0
What nuclear-powered Russian submarine sank in the Norwegian Sea on April 7 , 1989 ?	The LOKh system in the submarine `` Komsomolets '' was developed in full correspondence with naval requirements OTT MO 6.1.17-79 ,	0
What nuclear-powered Russian submarine sank in the Norwegian Sea on April 7 , 1989 ?	2 . None of the navy 's submarines has containers with a freon reserve , and this is also not a peculiarity of the submarine `` Komsomolets '' .	0
What nuclear-powered Russian submarine sank in the Norwegian Sea on April 7 , 1989 ?	4 . The instructions on operating the LOKh system were developed for the submarine `` Komsomolets '' in accordance with standard instructions coordinated with the navy , which say nothing about the fire extinguishing characteristics of freon .	0
What nuclear-powered Russian submarine sank in the Norwegian Sea on April 7 , 1989 ?	Consequently any discussion of the absence of these resources aboard the submarine `` Komsomolets '' is pointless and totally meaningless .	0
What nuclear-powered Russian submarine sank in the Norwegian Sea on April 7 , 1989 ?	Such protection is absent from all submarines of the navy that have the `` Korund '' system , such that this is also not a peculiarity of the submarine `` Komsomolets '' .	0
What nuclear-powered Russian submarine sank in the Norwegian Sea on April 7 , 1989 ?	In light of the above , the so-called `` consequences '' of the imagined peculiarities of the submarine `` Komsomolets '' have no real basis .	0
What nuclear-powered Russian submarine sank in the Norwegian Sea on April 7 , 1989 ?	do not apply to the submarine `` Komsomolets '' for the reasons set forth in the conclusion regarding item 1 of the `` peculiarities. ''	0
What nuclear-powered Russian submarine sank in the Norwegian Sea on April 7 , 1989 ?	The electric power systems of all submarines of the navy are built on the basis of this principle , such that this is not a peculiarity of just the submarine `` Komsomolets '' .	0
What nuclear-powered Russian submarine sank in the Norwegian Sea on April 7 , 1989 ?	Most submarines of the navy are made with the kingstonless design , and this is not a peculiarity of the submarine `` Komsomolets '' .	0
What nuclear-powered Russian submarine sank in the Norwegian Sea on April 7 , 1989 ?	2 . The TPPL-67 , in accordance with which the submarine `` Komsomolets '' was designed , does not contain a requirement of mandatory installation of kingston valves in main ballast tanks .	0
What nuclear-powered Russian submarine sank in the Norwegian Sea on April 7 , 1989 ?	For the reasons set forth in the conclusion regarding item 1 , the requirements of the TPPL-75 do not apply to the submarine `` Komsomolets '' .	0
What nuclear-powered Russian submarine sank in the Norwegian Sea on April 7 , 1989 ?	At the time of the accident of the submarine `` Komsomolets '' the sea state was around 2 - 3 points , and its influence upon the ship 's buoyancy reserve was negligible .	0
What nuclear-powered Russian submarine sank in the Norwegian Sea on April 7 , 1989 ?	The high-pressure air system aboard the submarine `` Komsomolets '' was built in accordance with OST V5.5017-79 , and it is similar in its structure to the same systems of other submarines of the navy .	0
What nuclear-powered Russian submarine sank in the Norwegian Sea on April 7 , 1989 ?	The assertion of the authors of the remark that this system is unique to the `` Komsomolets '' is inconsistent with reality .	0
What nuclear-powered Russian submarine sank in the Norwegian Sea on April 7 , 1989 ?	All of the discussion concerning absence of these automated systems and instruments aboard the submarine `` Komsomolets '' are directed at consciously and deliberately misleading public opinion .	0
What nuclear-powered Russian submarine sank in the Norwegian Sea on April 7 , 1989 ?	do not apply to the submarine `` Komsomolets '' for the reasons set forth in the conclusion regarding item 1 of the `` peculiarities , '' and any reference to them is wrong .	0
What nuclear-powered Russian submarine sank in the Norwegian Sea on April 7 , 1989 ?	As for the `` consequences , '' the following needs to be said : The attack center of the `` Komsomolets '' did nothing to study the objective information on the course of events in the accident situation .	0
What nuclear-powered Russian submarine sank in the Norwegian Sea on April 7 , 1989 ?	Such that its absence from the `` Komsomolets '' is not a peculiarity of this submarine .	0
What nuclear-powered Russian submarine sank in the Norwegian Sea on April 7 , 1989 ?	3 . RAVA hoses are used aboard all submarines built in recent years , and their use aboard the `` Komsomolets '' is not unique to this submarine .	0
What nuclear-powered Russian submarine sank in the Norwegian Sea on April 7 , 1989 ?	The assertion that the reliability of electric power equipment in systems in the submarine `` Komsomolets '' is low is not justified by anything , and is inconsistent with reality .	0
What nuclear-powered Russian submarine sank in the Norwegian Sea on April 7 , 1989 ?	Materials corresponding to OST V5.9025-80 and the `` Statute on Selection of Nonmetallic Structural Materials for Submarines '' No. 74 - 0450 - 06-78 were used to trim compartments of the submarine `` Komsomolets '' , including compartment 7 .	0
What nuclear-powered Russian submarine sank in the Norwegian Sea on April 7 , 1989 ?	They are used to trim the compartments of all submarines of the navy , such that this is not a peculiarity of the `` Komsomolets '' .	0
What nuclear-powered Russian submarine sank in the Norwegian Sea on April 7 , 1989 ?	these requirements do not apply to the submarine `` Komsomolets '' for the reasons set forth in the conclusion regarding item 1 of the `` peculiarities. ''	0
What nuclear-powered Russian submarine sank in the Norwegian Sea on April 7 , 1989 ?	This requirement was satisfied to a realistic extent aboard the submarine `` Komsomolets '' .	0
What nuclear-powered Russian submarine sank in the Norwegian Sea on April 7 , 1989 ?	The stationary breathing system -LRB- SDS -RRB- of the submarine `` Komsomolets '' was developed in full correspondence with guidelines RD V5.5536-82 ,	0
What nuclear-powered Russian submarine sank in the Norwegian Sea on April 7 , 1989 ?	Such systems were developed for all submarines according to the same principle , and it is not a peculiarity of the submarine `` Komsomolets '' .	0
What nuclear-powered Russian submarine sank in the Norwegian Sea on April 7 , 1989 ?	The requirements of Article VII-7 of the TPPL-67 are satisfied in their full volume in the submarine `` Komsomolets '' .	0
What nuclear-powered Russian submarine sank in the Norwegian Sea on April 7 , 1989 ?	According to the detail design the crew of the submarine `` Komsomolets '' should have consisted of 41 persons , in which case the number of personnel in BCh-5 should have been 19 officers and warrant officers .	0
What nuclear-powered Russian submarine sank in the Norwegian Sea on April 7 , 1989 ?	2 . The submarine `` Komsomolets '' set off on its cruise without the full complement of personnel in the damage control division of BCh- 5 -LRB- Warrant Officer Yu .	0
What nuclear-powered Russian submarine sank in the Norwegian Sea on April 7 , 1989 ?	About the `` consequences '' : Analysis of damage control efforts aboard the submarine `` Komsomolets '' shows that : 1 .	0
What nuclear-powered Russian submarine sank in the Norwegian Sea on April 7 , 1989 ?	The `` Listvennitsa '' loudspeaker communication system -LRB- GGS -RRB- is installed aboard all submarines of the navy , in connection with which this is not a peculiarity of only the submarine `` Komsomolets '' .	0
What nuclear-powered Russian submarine sank in the Norwegian Sea on April 7 , 1989 ?	Not a single submarine of the navy has such a system , and therefore its absence from the `` Komsomolets '' is not unique to the ship .	0
What nuclear-powered Russian submarine sank in the Norwegian Sea on April 7 , 1989 ?	These recommendations were obviously not drawn up , and they were not studied by the personnel of the `` Komsomolets '' during submarine damage control exercises .	0
What nuclear-powered Russian submarine sank in the Norwegian Sea on April 7 , 1989 ?	The air systems of the submarine `` Komsomolets '' do not differ from the systems of other third-generation submarines , and they are in no way `` unique. ''	0
What nuclear-powered Russian submarine sank in the Norwegian Sea on April 7 , 1989 ?	do not apply to the submarine `` Komsomolets '' for the reasons set forth in paragraph 1 of the `` peculiarities. ''	0
What nuclear-powered Russian submarine sank in the Norwegian Sea on April 7 , 1989 ?	concerning system back-up were fully realized in the `` Komsomolets '' , while the requirements of Article 1.3.3.1 of the OTT6 .1.1 - 81	0
What nuclear-powered Russian submarine sank in the Norwegian Sea on April 7 , 1989 ?	The above assertions of the authors of the remark are aimed at covering up the incorrect actions of the attack center of the submarine `` Komsomolets '' .	0
What nuclear-powered Russian submarine sank in the Norwegian Sea on April 7 , 1989 ?	The emergency pumping system aboard the submarine `` Komsomolets '' was built in accordance with the OST , and it did not differ in any way from similar systems aboard other submarines .	0
What nuclear-powered Russian submarine sank in the Norwegian Sea on April 7 , 1989 ?	The assertion of the authors of the remark that the design of the emergency pumping system is a `` peculiarity '' of the `` Komsomolets '' is inconsistent with reality .	0
What nuclear-powered Russian submarine sank in the Norwegian Sea on April 7 , 1989 ?	2 . The requirements of the TPPL-75 do not apply to the submarine `` Komsomolets '' for the reasons set forth in the conclusion regarding item 1 of the `` peculiarities. ''	0
What nuclear-powered Russian submarine sank in the Norwegian Sea on April 7 , 1989 ?	Aboard the `` Komsomolets '' , these valves had manual and hydraulic drives .	0
What nuclear-powered Russian submarine sank in the Norwegian Sea on April 7 , 1989 ?	The `` consequences '' have the goal of covering up the inaction of the attack center of the submarine `` Komsomolets '' in containing the accident and fighting for the ship 's survival .	0
What nuclear-powered Russian submarine sank in the Norwegian Sea on April 7 , 1989 ?	They returned me once again to the question of the roots of the tragedy of the submarine `` Komsomolets '' .	0
What nuclear-powered Russian submarine sank in the Norwegian Sea on April 7 , 1989 ?	The tragedy of the submarine `` Komsomolets '' occurred 33 years later , and once again for the same reasons .	0
What nuclear-powered Russian submarine sank in the Norwegian Sea on April 7 , 1989 ?	`` Listvennitsa '' -- code name given to the internal ship loudspeaker communication system installed aboard the submarine `` Komsomolets '' .	0
What nuclear-powered Russian submarine sank in the Norwegian Sea on April 7 , 1989 ?	The TsVK room aboard the submarine `` Komsomolets '' is located in compartment 3 , next to the control room .	0
What nuclear-powered Russian submarine sank in the Norwegian Sea on April 7 , 1989 ?	Aboard the submarine `` Komsomolets '' it was intended for the rescue of all personnel from a depth exceeding the submarine 's maximum diving depth .	0
What nuclear-powered Russian submarine sank in the Norwegian Sea on April 7 , 1989 ?	The submarine `` Komsomolets '' had only an emergency reserve of regenerating cartridges .	0
What nuclear-powered Russian submarine sank in the Norwegian Sea on April 7 , 1989 ?	The Komsomolets could dive to 1,000 meters , whereas an ordinary submarine could only go as far as 400 to 600 meters .	0
What nuclear-powered Russian submarine sank in the Norwegian Sea on April 7 , 1989 ?	The Komsomolets was to have destroyed missile-armed submarines and carrier strike groups composed of aircraft carriers and escort ships , and it could also direct long-range fire against onshore targets ... .	0
What nuclear-powered Russian submarine sank in the Norwegian Sea on April 7 , 1989 ?	However , the Komsomolets was in fact unable to serve the Motherland .	0
What nuclear-powered Russian submarine sank in the Norwegian Sea on April 7 , 1989 ?	Others insisted on dismembering the Komsomolets with a view to coaxing each part out of the watery depths separately .	0
What nuclear-powered Russian submarine sank in the Norwegian Sea on April 7 , 1989 ?	Another very simple method would be to latch onto the Komsomolets with a kind of lasso and tow it toward the shore ... .	0
What nuclear-powered Russian submarine sank in the Norwegian Sea on April 7 , 1989 ?	The aim was to establish the real reason for the wreck of the Komsomolets and to remove the torpedoes with nuclear charges .	0
What nuclear-powered Russian submarine sank in the Norwegian Sea on April 7 , 1989 ?	The Komsomolets is lying level on an even keel .	0
What nuclear-powered Russian submarine sank in the Norwegian Sea on April 7 , 1989 ?	For the first time our specialists were able to go inside the Komsomolets using remote-control robots .	0
What nuclear-powered Russian submarine sank in the Norwegian Sea on April 7 , 1989 ?	Robots the size of large vacuum cleaners entered the Komsomolets through gaps in the hull and two open portholes .	0
What nuclear-powered Russian submarine sank in the Norwegian Sea on April 7 , 1989 ?	While the Komsomolets was ablaze on the surface , military pilots photographed it from the air .	0
What nuclear-powered Russian submarine sank in the Norwegian Sea on April 7 , 1989 ?	This is why specialists have started to look for a way of neutralizing the Komsomolets that avoids having to bring it to the surface .	0
What nuclear-powered Russian submarine sank in the Norwegian Sea on April 7 , 1989 ?	But calculations have shown that on soft ground with a density of just 1.8 , the Komsomolets could break up .	0
What nuclear-powered Russian submarine sank in the Norwegian Sea on April 7 , 1989 ?	This summer a new expedition will set off for the sunken Komsomolets .	0
What nuclear-powered Russian submarine sank in the Norwegian Sea on April 7 , 1989 ?	The operation to construct the sarcophagus at the site of the accident and the wreck of the nuclear submarine Komsomolets is slated to take two months .	0
What nuclear-powered Russian submarine sank in the Norwegian Sea on April 7 , 1989 ?	The Komsomolets was fitted with everything that was the last word in submarine building .	0
What nuclear-powered Russian submarine sank in the Norwegian Sea on April 7 , 1989 ?	-LSB- 080733 -RSB- -LSB- video shows extensive hitherto unseen underwater footage of Komsomolets submarine -RSB-	0
What nuclear-powered Russian submarine sank in the Norwegian Sea on April 7 , 1989 ?	Komsomolets was the third Soviet submarine that sank as a result of a technical failure .	0
What nuclear-powered Russian submarine sank in the Norwegian Sea on April 7 , 1989 ?	Borisov said that plans were about to be finalized to seal the torpedo compartment of Komsomolets .	0
What nuclear-powered Russian submarine sank in the Norwegian Sea on April 7 , 1989 ?	The Northern Fleet Press Office emphasized that radiation was continuously monitored in the area where Komsomolets had sunk .	0
What nuclear-powered Russian submarine sank in the Norwegian Sea on April 7 , 1989 ?	Today 's Moscow press singles out reports on the Komsomolets nuclear-powered submarine which sank in the Norwegian Sea as a result of a fire five years ago .	0
What nuclear-powered Russian submarine sank in the Norwegian Sea on April 7 , 1989 ?	Pyzh added that the Northern Fleet command wanted reports and forecasts on what was going on or would happen where Komsomolets had sunk to be based on specific tests and accurate data .	0
What nuclear-powered Russian submarine sank in the Norwegian Sea on April 7 , 1989 ?	They are to seal off the submarine 's front section , conduct technical tests on the vessel and check its inflated safe chamber , lying on the sea bed six kilometers from Komsomolets .	0
What nuclear-powered Russian submarine sank in the Norwegian Sea on April 7 , 1989 ?	The Deputy Director of the Federal Nuclear Center Arzamas-16 Stepan Kravchenko disclosed at the meeting that a new device would be installed on board Komsomolets to detect uranium and plutonium carrying weapons .	0
What nuclear-powered Russian submarine sank in the Norwegian Sea on April 7 , 1989 ?	As a deputy minister Sergey Khetagurov has told Interfax , yet another expedition to the Norwegian sea is planned next year to carry out the second stage of the sealing operation to make Komsomolets complete safe .	0
What nuclear-powered Russian submarine sank in the Norwegian Sea on April 7 , 1989 ?	the Nuclear Submarine ` Komsomolets '	0
What nuclear-powered Russian submarine sank in the Norwegian Sea on April 7 , 1989 ?	Therefore , a decision was taken in Moscow to carry on rescue works at the site of the Komsomolets wreckage this summer .	0
What nuclear-powered Russian submarine sank in the Norwegian Sea on April 7 , 1989 ?	`` KOMSOMOLETS ' Nuclear Submarine Safety Supervised by MChS	0
What nuclear-powered Russian submarine sank in the Norwegian Sea on April 7 , 1989 ?	Radiation Disaster in Norwegian Sea Is Almost Inevitable ; Departmental Muddle Causing Country To Lose Last Chance To Make Nuclear-Powered Submarine Komsomolets Safe	0
What nuclear-powered Russian submarine sank in the Norwegian Sea on April 7 , 1989 ?	In a few days , on April 7 , it will be exactly five years since the loss of the submarine Komsomolets and 42 of its crewmen in the Norwegian Sea .	0
What nuclear-powered Russian submarine sank in the Norwegian Sea on April 7 , 1989 ?	And this can easily be explained : In the time since the Komsomolets went down , Russians have witnessed a sizable number of disasters and accidents .	0
What nuclear-powered Russian submarine sank in the Norwegian Sea on April 7 , 1989 ?	A brief surge in attention to the Komsomolets problem occurred in September 1993 , when the fourth expedition to study the site where the submarine sunk returned from the Norwegian Sea .	0
What nuclear-powered Russian submarine sank in the Norwegian Sea on April 7 , 1989 ?	Despite such bleak forecasts , however , the specialists studying the Komsomolets problem were confident that a radiation disaster could nonetheless be prevented .	0
What nuclear-powered Russian submarine sank in the Norwegian Sea on April 7 , 1989 ?	In addition , CSUO chief Tengiz Borisov managed to do the almost impossible : Financing for all operations involving the Komsomolets was included in the state order .	0
What nuclear-powered Russian submarine sank in the Norwegian Sea on April 7 , 1989 ?	And these two `` natural calamities '' have posed an insurmountable obstacle to solving the Komsomolets problem .	0
What nuclear-powered Russian submarine sank in the Norwegian Sea on April 7 , 1989 ?	And while one can still understand the unhurried actions of the Ministry of Environmental Protection , the position of the department that now bears full responsibility for the Komsomolets 's fate seems inexplicable , at first glance .	0
What nuclear-powered Russian submarine sank in the Norwegian Sea on April 7 , 1989 ?	Sergey Khetagurov , former chairman of the North Ossetian Council of Ministers , who switched chairs to become deputy minister for emergencies , has been put in charge of all measures relating to the Komsomolets .	0
What nuclear-powered Russian submarine sank in the Norwegian Sea on April 7 , 1989 ?	Meanwhile , the problem of making the Komsomolets safe has taken on a new , international aspect .	0
What nuclear-powered Russian submarine sank in the Norwegian Sea on April 7 , 1989 ?	One such organization is the Komsomolets Memorial Foundation , which was created in Holland and has announced to the entire world that it is raising funds to raise the submarine .	0
What nuclear-powered Russian submarine sank in the Norwegian Sea on April 7 , 1989 ?	To properly assess this amount , it must be said that Russia itself spent an incomparably greater sum -- $ 4 million and 1 billion rubles -- on operations relating to the Komsomolets in that same year alone .	0
What nuclear-powered Russian submarine sank in the Norwegian Sea on April 7 , 1989 ?	In addition , rather large suspended radioactive particles that can be transported by currents were found at the Komsomolets site in August 1993 .	0
What nuclear-powered Russian submarine sank in the Norwegian Sea on April 7 , 1989 ?	He reports that , despite the real possibility of a volley discharge of weapons-grade plutonium into the marine environment from the sunken Komsomolets , the expedition to it and the actual sealing of the vessel are in jeopardy .	0
What nuclear-powered Russian submarine sank in the Norwegian Sea on April 7 , 1989 ?	Why does the situation with regard to the sunken Komsomolets elicit such increased attention and such contradictory assessments ?	0
What nuclear-powered Russian submarine sank in the Norwegian Sea on April 7 , 1989 ?	The question of ensuring the Komsomolets ' radiation safety is far more serious than other similar tragic instances .	0
What nuclear-powered Russian submarine sank in the Norwegian Sea on April 7 , 1989 ?	Nursultan Nazarbayev , who is , perhaps , the strongest politician among CIS presidents , proved to the Kremlin these months which are far from being a honeymoon , that it is necessary for Russian to reckon with him .	0
What nuclear-powered Russian submarine sank in the Norwegian Sea on April 7 , 1989 ?	`` However , no other country in the world should be more interested in a strong and stable Kazakhstan than Russia , since the newly-independent state has become the most reliable buffer between Russian and explosive Central Asia .	0
What nuclear-powered Russian submarine sank in the Norwegian Sea on April 7 , 1989 ?	Kazakhstan is the world 's only country where the activities of the Russian community , Cossack and Slavic associations are banned juridically . ''	0
What nuclear-powered Russian submarine sank in the Norwegian Sea on April 7 , 1989 ?	Considering that plutonium 's period of semi-decay is 24,000 years , the sea in that sector would turn out to be unfit for fisheries over a span of 600 -700 years '' .	0
What nuclear-powered Russian submarine sank in the Norwegian Sea on April 7 , 1989 ?	However , as has become known , thanks to research carried out by Russian shore-based scientists , the reactor does not pose a serious ecological threat .	0
What nuclear-powered Russian submarine sank in the Norwegian Sea on April 7 , 1989 ?	If plutonium escapes into the sea it could cause serious ecological danger .	0
What nuclear-powered Russian submarine sank in the Norwegian Sea on April 7 , 1989 ?	His opinion regarding the causes of the accident and demise of the submarine , which is based on documented testimony , contradicts the conclusions reached by the government commission .	0
What nuclear-powered Russian submarine sank in the Norwegian Sea on April 7 , 1989 ?	Let 's listen to the opinion of workers of the Main Naval Staff : `` As far as causes bringing about the accident are concerned , numerous technical imperfections in the submarine 's various systems should be named first .	0
What nuclear-powered Russian submarine sank in the Norwegian Sea on April 7 , 1989 ?	And he concluded : `` Despite the self-sacrificing and technically competent actions by the personnel , it was impossible to save the submarine . ''	0
What nuclear-powered Russian submarine sank in the Norwegian Sea on April 7 , 1989 ?	Nuclear-powered attack submarines are the most complex , potentially dangerous and vulnerable objects in this respect .	0
What nuclear-powered Russian submarine sank in the Norwegian Sea on April 7 , 1989 ?	`` After its commissioning , the submarine underwent experimental operation for several years .	0
What nuclear-powered Russian submarine sank in the Norwegian Sea on April 7 , 1989 ?	The submarine crews gave a high evaluation to its operating properties on the basis of their navigation experience. '' -LSB- . sup -RSB- 4 -LSB- / -RSB-	0
What nuclear-powered Russian submarine sank in the Norwegian Sea on April 7 , 1989 ?	A. Vanin 's crew was the second crew of this submarine , and the cruise that began on 28 February 1989 and ended in the tragedy of 7 April was its first independent cruise .	0
What nuclear-powered Russian submarine sank in the Norwegian Sea on April 7 , 1989 ?	We will also examine the `` numerous technical imperfections '' supposedly present in this submarine , which in the opinion of the naval leadership helped to bring about the accident .	0
What nuclear-powered Russian submarine sank in the Norwegian Sea on April 7 , 1989 ?	In what matter were the circumstances of the submarine accident investigated ?	0
What nuclear-powered Russian submarine sank in the Norwegian Sea on April 7 , 1989 ?	In the letter mentioned above from the submarine commanders , it is asserted that the crew had corrected the shortcomings revealed in work on damage control problems , and completed them with a good grade .	0
What nuclear-powered Russian submarine sank in the Norwegian Sea on April 7 , 1989 ?	In early January 1989 a conflict occurred in the crew during the submarine 's preparation for patrol duty .	0
What nuclear-powered Russian submarine sank in the Norwegian Sea on April 7 , 1989 ?	And thus the requirements of the `` Manual of Submarine Damage Control '' -LRB- RBZh-PL-82 -RRB- were violated .	0
What nuclear-powered Russian submarine sank in the Norwegian Sea on April 7 , 1989 ?	RBZh-PL-82 , Article 173 : `` Departure for sea is prohibited ... when	0
What nuclear-powered Russian submarine sank in the Norwegian Sea on April 7 , 1989 ?	Due to objective causes the submarine crew could not have possessed high professional skill and experience in operating the material , which ultimately affected the outcome of the crew 's fight for the submarine 's survival .	0
What nuclear-powered Russian submarine sank in the Norwegian Sea on April 7 , 1989 ?	How are submarine crews trained in training centers ?	0
What nuclear-powered Russian submarine sank in the Norwegian Sea on April 7 , 1989 ?	The navy also lacks a system of occupational selection of submarine crewmembers on the basis of psychological stability in extreme situations .	0
What nuclear-powered Russian submarine sank in the Norwegian Sea on April 7 , 1989 ?	Does he really feel that a combat patrol by a submarine under fully self-contained conditions is any less complex and dangerous a mission than a flight into space ?	0
What nuclear-powered Russian submarine sank in the Norwegian Sea on April 7 , 1989 ?	Submarine crews are perpetually diverted from combat training for garrison duty , for housekeeping work and for other incidental duties , and this occurs both during construction and testing of a submarine and during patrol duty .	0
What nuclear-powered Russian submarine sank in the Norwegian Sea on April 7 , 1989 ?	And because submarines are provided an unsatisfactory supply of electric power and working power production units , it is impossible to organize high quality crew training aboard the submarine itself .	0
What nuclear-powered Russian submarine sank in the Norwegian Sea on April 7 , 1989 ?	The entire burden of this work is laid upon the submarine crews .	0
What nuclear-powered Russian submarine sank in the Norwegian Sea on April 7 , 1989 ?	But in reality submarine crews are physically unable to carry out the full volume of routine maintenance and inspection with acceptable quality within the 40 days allowed to them .	0
What nuclear-powered Russian submarine sank in the Norwegian Sea on April 7 , 1989 ?	The submarine fleet has even evolved a system of `` failure to failure '' equipment operation .	0
What nuclear-powered Russian submarine sank in the Norwegian Sea on April 7 , 1989 ?	Moreover the difficulties of routine maintenance and inspection aboard this submarine were aggravated by the absence of a set of documents concerning refits between cruises .	0
What nuclear-powered Russian submarine sank in the Norwegian Sea on April 7 , 1989 ?	This proposal was shamelessly distorted in the 8 August 1989 edition of KRASNAYA ZVEZDA , in which the need for company service was explained by the low quality of submarine construction .	0
What nuclear-powered Russian submarine sank in the Norwegian Sea on April 7 , 1989 ?	There are full grounds for suggesting that the submarine set out on its cruise with a faulty gas analyzer and a faulty television system .	0
What nuclear-powered Russian submarine sank in the Norwegian Sea on April 7 , 1989 ?	It follows from this reply that the submarine went to sea with a faulty system of batch blowing of ballast tanks .	0
What nuclear-powered Russian submarine sank in the Norwegian Sea on April 7 , 1989 ?	Review of video tape showing the location at which this camera is secured permits a categorical conclusion -- the television camera had been removed from the submarine at the base , prior to its cruise .	0
What nuclear-powered Russian submarine sank in the Norwegian Sea on April 7 , 1989 ?	RBZh-PL-82 , Article 173 : `` Departure for sea is prohibited ... in	0
What nuclear-powered Russian submarine sank in the Norwegian Sea on April 7 , 1989 ?	But to satisfy its own internal plans the command of the Northern Fleet tasked the submarine for ordinary patrol duty , which could have been carried out by any of dozens of other submarines in the fleet .	0
What nuclear-powered Russian submarine sank in the Norwegian Sea on April 7 , 1989 ?	mission posed for this patrol duty -LRB- That is , the submarine 's last cruise. -- D.R. -RRB- was to carry out scientific research together with hydrographic research vessels from 14 April to the end of May 1989 . ''	0
What nuclear-powered Russian submarine sank in the Norwegian Sea on April 7 , 1989 ?	Seven April 1989 rolled around .	0
What nuclear-powered Russian submarine sank in the Norwegian Sea on April 7 , 1989 ?	The submarine command is fighting this attitude toward duty , but without results as yet .	0
What nuclear-powered Russian submarine sank in the Norwegian Sea on April 7 , 1989 ?	So what are we told by the entries in the ship 's log for 7 April 1989 from midnight to the time when the command `` Deliver LOKh to compartment 7 ! '' resounded like a shot ?	0
What nuclear-powered Russian submarine sank in the Norwegian Sea on April 7 , 1989 ?	The lack of information regarding the submarine 's operation was already discussed .	0
What nuclear-powered Russian submarine sank in the Norwegian Sea on April 7 , 1989 ?	However , as a rule submarine crews do not make a practice of using this system in their day-to-day activities , and they do not use it at times of accidents .	0
What nuclear-powered Russian submarine sank in the Norwegian Sea on April 7 , 1989 ?	He reported to me that the submarine had been inspected , without remarks , somewhere around 1100 .	0
What nuclear-powered Russian submarine sank in the Norwegian Sea on April 7 , 1989 ?	This logical conclusion is reinforced by entries in the ship 's log and the testimony of surviving members of the submarine crew .	0
What nuclear-powered Russian submarine sank in the Norwegian Sea on April 7 , 1989 ?	But in the government commission 's report there is absolutely no mention of oxygen as one of the possible causes of the tragedy that occurred aboard the submarine .	0
What nuclear-powered Russian submarine sank in the Norwegian Sea on April 7 , 1989 ?	However , the oil separation system was disconnected early in the morning on 7 April , and it was not working before the accident .	0
What nuclear-powered Russian submarine sank in the Norwegian Sea on April 7 , 1989 ?	None of this was done aboard the submarine .	0
What nuclear-powered Russian submarine sank in the Norwegian Sea on April 7 , 1989 ?	Because of this , it was impossible to begin venting compartment 3 in time , and for a long time the control room personnel were forced to wear ShDA apparatus , which made submarine damage control difficult .	0
What nuclear-powered Russian submarine sank in the Norwegian Sea on April 7 , 1989 ?	From this moment on , the submarine would be left without electronic observation resources .	0
What nuclear-powered Russian submarine sank in the Norwegian Sea on April 7 , 1989 ?	The command was given to deenergize the `` Sinus '' -- the power supply system of the submarine 's automatic equipment control system .	0
What nuclear-powered Russian submarine sank in the Norwegian Sea on April 7 , 1989 ?	We do n't know if other fire extinguishers were used as well , but one thing is clear -- it can not be said that the quality of the submarine crew 's preparation for the cruise was high .	0
What nuclear-powered Russian submarine sank in the Norwegian Sea on April 7 , 1989 ?	Lining plates began separating away from the right side of the submarine 's outer hull , in the vicinity of main ballast tank No. 10 , which was noted by Captain Lieutenant Verezgov .	0
What nuclear-powered Russian submarine sank in the Norwegian Sea on April 7 , 1989 ?	Still , the submarine command did apparently receive the report of a deflagration in compartment 5 . Was information on the fire in compartment 5 reflected in the actions of the submarine command ?	0
What nuclear-powered Russian submarine sank in the Norwegian Sea on April 7 , 1989 ?	These entries in the ship 's log are nothing other than a reaction by the submarine command to the report they received of a deflagration in compartment 5 .	0
What nuclear-powered Russian submarine sank in the Norwegian Sea on April 7 , 1989 ?	The submarine 's attitude was not monitored during the entire accident .	0
What nuclear-powered Russian submarine sank in the Norwegian Sea on April 7 , 1989 ?	The submarine command did not even try to determine the reason for the increasing list .	0
What nuclear-powered Russian submarine sank in the Norwegian Sea on April 7 , 1989 ?	Warrant Officer V. S. Kadantsev : `` When the submarine surfaced , it was listing to port .	0
What nuclear-powered Russian submarine sank in the Norwegian Sea on April 7 , 1989 ?	First of all , a list of even 8 is not dangerous from the standpoint of maintaining the submarine 's transverse equilibrium , and sacrificing buoyancy reserve on it is highly unsuitable .	0
What nuclear-powered Russian submarine sank in the Norwegian Sea on April 7 , 1989 ?	Second , before the submarine 's list was corrected , the reason for it should have been clarified , which was not done .	0
What nuclear-powered Russian submarine sank in the Norwegian Sea on April 7 , 1989 ?	This would have made it possible not only to correct the list but also to trim the submarine .	0
What nuclear-powered Russian submarine sank in the Norwegian Sea on April 7 , 1989 ?	The main danger to a submarine is the loss not of transverse but of longitudinal equilibrium .	0
What nuclear-powered Russian submarine sank in the Norwegian Sea on April 7 , 1989 ?	Such that on the whole , the decision of the submarine command to flood the right main ballast tank No. 5 was incompetent .	0
What nuclear-powered Russian submarine sank in the Norwegian Sea on April 7 , 1989 ?	Prior to the accident the submarine was at a depth of 386 meters .	0
What nuclear-powered Russian submarine sank in the Norwegian Sea on April 7 , 1989 ?	During emergency surfacing , in all probability `` Molibden '' console operator Lieutenant Zaytsev did not connect the tank to the high-pressure air blowing line , and the submarine surfaced with main ballast tank No. 5 unblown .	0
What nuclear-powered Russian submarine sank in the Norwegian Sea on April 7 , 1989 ?	The submarine command designated new lines of defense .	0
What nuclear-powered Russian submarine sank in the Norwegian Sea on April 7 , 1989 ?	In this particular situation of inactivity , forcing reduction of pressure in compartments 6 and 7 would have led to the earlier demise of the submarine .	0
What nuclear-powered Russian submarine sank in the Norwegian Sea on April 7 , 1989 ?	After fulfilling the command of the attack center to close the high-pressure air subgroup valves , the submarine was left without air , and for practical purposes without damage control resources .	0
What nuclear-powered Russian submarine sank in the Norwegian Sea on April 7 , 1989 ?	Obviously this was the sole person in the crew who knew the submarine well .	0
What nuclear-powered Russian submarine sank in the Norwegian Sea on April 7 , 1989 ?	It would not be long before the submarine would find itself without electric power , and consequently without communication with the outside world .	0
What nuclear-powered Russian submarine sank in the Norwegian Sea on April 7 , 1989 ?	Practically the entire reserve of high-pressure air -- the principal means of damage control and of maintaining the submarine 's stability -- was gone .	0
What nuclear-powered Russian submarine sank in the Norwegian Sea on April 7 , 1989 ?	Had it been transmitted at this time , the tender `` Aleksey Khlobystov '' could have reached the site of the accident before the submarine 's demise , and most of the crew would have been saved .	0
What nuclear-powered Russian submarine sank in the Norwegian Sea on April 7 , 1989 ?	But the submarine 's leadership apparently did not have enough courage to adopt an untraditional decision , and radio the distress signal in uncoded text .	0
What nuclear-powered Russian submarine sank in the Norwegian Sea on April 7 , 1989 ?	For such initiative , the submarine command would have received harsh treatment , despite the fact that there 's no official prohibition on transmitting an SOS .	0
What nuclear-powered Russian submarine sank in the Norwegian Sea on April 7 , 1989 ?	The submarine had a single free exit up through the hatch of the rescue chamber .	0
What nuclear-powered Russian submarine sank in the Norwegian Sea on April 7 , 1989 ?	Apparently the submarine 's leadership itself came to understand the absurdity of this undertaking .	0
What nuclear-powered Russian submarine sank in the Norwegian Sea on April 7 , 1989 ?	Captain Lieutenant Speranskiy used a hydroelectric manipulator to close the bulkhead clack valves , and Warrant Officer Kozhanov began preparing the ShDA apparatus and deenergized electrical equipment not affecting the submarine 's power and control. ''	0
What nuclear-powered Russian submarine sank in the Norwegian Sea on April 7 , 1989 ?	Warrant Officer V. F. Slyusarenko -LRB- explanatory report -RRB- : `` The submarine commander gave orders to measure the CO concentration in the compartment .	0
What nuclear-powered Russian submarine sank in the Norwegian Sea on April 7 , 1989 ?	What was the estimate of the accident situation during this period by the submarine 's leadership ?	0
What nuclear-powered Russian submarine sank in the Norwegian Sea on April 7 , 1989 ?	Captain 1st Rank B. G. Kolyada -LRB- interrogation tape recording -RRB- : `` According to the BCh-5 commander 's calculations , in the worst-case scenario -- flooding of the aft compartments -- the submarine would lose stability by 1500 .	0
What nuclear-powered Russian submarine sank in the Norwegian Sea on April 7 , 1989 ?	Nothing was known about how things stood with evacuation of people , but at this time the submarine commander gave orders to evacuate secret business documents , which was documented in the ship 's log .	0
What nuclear-powered Russian submarine sank in the Norwegian Sea on April 7 , 1989 ?	Later on Captain 1st Rank Kolyada talked long and often about the submarine 's demise being a surprise to the crew , which is why the personnel were unable to make full use of rescue resources .	0
What nuclear-powered Russian submarine sank in the Norwegian Sea on April 7 , 1989 ?	And as we can see , all of the entries in the ship 's log regarding VVD-200 confirm in writing the submarine personnel 's poor knowledge of its material .	0
What nuclear-powered Russian submarine sank in the Norwegian Sea on April 7 , 1989 ?	Lieutenant A. V. Zaytsev -LRB- interrogation tape recording -RRB- : '' Then we turned on the diesel engine and exhaust fans -- air began flowing into the submarine . ''	0
What nuclear-powered Russian submarine sank in the Norwegian Sea on April 7 , 1989 ?	Accelerated cooling of the submarine 's nuclear reactor by way of the battery-less cooling system -LRB- the BBR system -RRB- was proceeding with forced circulation of water in loop 1 by the loop 1 circulating pumps -LRB- TsNPK -RRB- .	0
What nuclear-powered Russian submarine sank in the Norwegian Sea on April 7 , 1989 ?	The automatic system and equipment of the reactor compartment activated the emergency shielding , managed the reactor 's steady cooling and monitored all of its parameters until the submarine went down .	0
What nuclear-powered Russian submarine sank in the Norwegian Sea on April 7 , 1989 ?	There are full grounds for believing that the submarine command was unable to man large damage control parties .	0
What nuclear-powered Russian submarine sank in the Norwegian Sea on April 7 , 1989 ?	What was happening at this time in the submarine ?	0
What nuclear-powered Russian submarine sank in the Norwegian Sea on April 7 , 1989 ?	Luckily it was impossible to carry it out -- otherwise the submarine may have sunk an hour earlier , and no one would have been saved .	0
What nuclear-powered Russian submarine sank in the Norwegian Sea on April 7 , 1989 ?	Nor were any attempts made to find out what was happening in the aft part of the submarine , and what sort of change was occurring in draft and trim .	0
What nuclear-powered Russian submarine sank in the Norwegian Sea on April 7 , 1989 ?	RBZh-PL-82 , Article 42 : `` In case of accident the submarine senior watch officer is obligated : ... to	0
What nuclear-powered Russian submarine sank in the Norwegian Sea on April 7 , 1989 ?	directly lead the personnel 's damage control efforts on the upper deck and in the superstructure when the submarine is on the surface. ''	0
What nuclear-powered Russian submarine sank in the Norwegian Sea on April 7 , 1989 ?	The submarine had a zero trim by the stern as of 1300 .	0
What nuclear-powered Russian submarine sank in the Norwegian Sea on April 7 , 1989 ?	Here is how the fourth and seventh sections of the government commission 's working group evaluated change in the submarine 's draft and trim over time , on the basis of an analysis of photographs taken from an airplane	0
What nuclear-powered Russian submarine sank in the Norwegian Sea on April 7 , 1989 ?	At 1239 an IL-38 airplane was dispatched to the accident location , for some reason without a submarine specialist aboard .	0
What nuclear-powered Russian submarine sank in the Norwegian Sea on April 7 , 1989 ?	It was also communicated that an airplane was en route to the submarine with an estimated time of arrival of 1400 .	0
What nuclear-powered Russian submarine sank in the Norwegian Sea on April 7 , 1989 ?	Unfortunately the headquarters of the Northern Fleet did not furnish documents to the government commission 's working group regarding communication exchanges between the distressed submarine and the fleet command post .	0
What nuclear-powered Russian submarine sank in the Norwegian Sea on April 7 , 1989 ?	It may be concluded from the radio messages that the submarine command concealed the true scale of the accident from the headquarters of the Northern Fleet from the very beginning .	0
What nuclear-powered Russian submarine sank in the Norwegian Sea on April 7 , 1989 ?	How could there be any talk of submerging the submarine in a disaster of such a scale ?	0
What nuclear-powered Russian submarine sank in the Norwegian Sea on April 7 , 1989 ?	The list to port was a constant concern to the submarine command .	0
What nuclear-powered Russian submarine sank in the Norwegian Sea on April 7 , 1989 ?	Two and a half hours had gone by after the submarine surfaced .	0
What nuclear-powered Russian submarine sank in the Norwegian Sea on April 7 , 1989 ?	During this time the attack center could have ascertained that a list of 6-8 degrees is not dangerous to a submarine , and that it would make no sense to waste time and resources correcting it .	0
What nuclear-powered Russian submarine sank in the Norwegian Sea on April 7 , 1989 ?	Contrary to this , the submarine command stubbornly tried to correct the list , and in doing so , it used the most irrational method .	0
What nuclear-powered Russian submarine sank in the Norwegian Sea on April 7 , 1989 ?	Sending the damage control party to compartment 6 meant that in the opinion of the submarine command the fire had gone out in it , and pressure in the distressed compartments had fallen to a value close to 0 .	0
What nuclear-powered Russian submarine sank in the Norwegian Sea on April 7 , 1989 ?	And it is difficult to say what other misfortunes would have come upon the submarine and its crew .	0
What nuclear-powered Russian submarine sank in the Norwegian Sea on April 7 , 1989 ?	The airplane arrived in the accident region and established communication with the submarine , and the first photographs were taken .	0
What nuclear-powered Russian submarine sank in the Norwegian Sea on April 7 , 1989 ?	It was communicated from the airplane that surface ships would reach the submarine by 1800 .	0
What nuclear-powered Russian submarine sank in the Norwegian Sea on April 7 , 1989 ?	At this time a query was transmitted to the submarine from Northern Fleet headquarters by way of the airplane regarding entry of water into the pressure hull and regarding the fire .	0
What nuclear-powered Russian submarine sank in the Norwegian Sea on April 7 , 1989 ?	In the meantime the submarine began tipping to starboard as the starboard main ballast tank No. 10 filled .	0
What nuclear-powered Russian submarine sank in the Norwegian Sea on April 7 , 1989 ?	The submarine 's leadership had no basis for asserting that the fire was still burning in the distressed compartments .	0
What nuclear-powered Russian submarine sank in the Norwegian Sea on April 7 , 1989 ?	The assertion of the submarine command that water was not entering the pressure hull was also groundless .	0
What nuclear-powered Russian submarine sank in the Norwegian Sea on April 7 , 1989 ?	Listing of the submarine had shifted to starboard .	0
What nuclear-powered Russian submarine sank in the Norwegian Sea on April 7 , 1989 ?	On the whole these messages did not reflect the actual state of the distressed submarine , and disoriented the Northern Fleet 's command post .	0
What nuclear-powered Russian submarine sank in the Norwegian Sea on April 7 , 1989 ?	1538 -- Message received : A submarine is 100 km away , moving toward us at 14 knots .	0
What nuclear-powered Russian submarine sank in the Norwegian Sea on April 7 , 1989 ?	A Soviet submarine was traveling toward the accident location .	0
What nuclear-powered Russian submarine sank in the Norwegian Sea on April 7 , 1989 ?	It is unclear how the freon canisters were to be transferred from the airplane to the submarine .	0
What nuclear-powered Russian submarine sank in the Norwegian Sea on April 7 , 1989 ?	The standard submarine supply table lacks special instruments with which to check bulkhead temperature .	0
What nuclear-powered Russian submarine sank in the Norwegian Sea on April 7 , 1989 ?	It was clear that submarine damage control efforts were gradually shutting down .	0
What nuclear-powered Russian submarine sank in the Norwegian Sea on April 7 , 1989 ?	Much was written in the press about `` explosions , '' after which the submarine quickly sank .	0
What nuclear-powered Russian submarine sank in the Norwegian Sea on April 7 , 1989 ?	Thus , Vice Admiral V. V. Zaytsev stated : `` Explosions were heard aboard the submarine in the aft compartments at 1624 .	0
What nuclear-powered Russian submarine sank in the Norwegian Sea on April 7 , 1989 ?	The submarine acquired a trim by the stern , which attested to entry of water into the pressure hull and a danger of flooding. '' -LSB- . sup -RSB- 45 -LSB- / -RSB-	0
What nuclear-powered Russian submarine sank in the Norwegian Sea on April 7 , 1989 ?	A clear cause-and-effect relationship is drawn here between the `` explosions '' on one hand and abrupt worsening of the situation and the submarine 's demise on the other .	0
What nuclear-powered Russian submarine sank in the Norwegian Sea on April 7 , 1989 ?	Captain 1st Rank B. G. Kolyada -LRB- interrogation tape recording -RRB- : `` Explosions began at the stern , explosions that shook the submarine .	0
What nuclear-powered Russian submarine sank in the Norwegian Sea on April 7 , 1989 ?	The submarine was jarred , but not strongly enough to rupture the pressure hull. ''	0
What nuclear-powered Russian submarine sank in the Norwegian Sea on April 7 , 1989 ?	This was an hour before the submarine sank .	0
What nuclear-powered Russian submarine sank in the Norwegian Sea on April 7 , 1989 ?	And more likely the `` explosions '' that were `` heard '' by Captain 1st Rank Kolyada in the conning tower superstructure and by Vice Admiral Zaytsev in Moscow have no relationship to actual events aboard the distressed submarine .	0
What nuclear-powered Russian submarine sank in the Norwegian Sea on April 7 , 1989 ?	Several words should be said about the jarring of the submarine observed during the time of the accident .	0
What nuclear-powered Russian submarine sank in the Norwegian Sea on April 7 , 1989 ?	They began 30 minutes after surfacing , and they went on throughout the entire time the submarine was on the surface. ''	0
What nuclear-powered Russian submarine sank in the Norwegian Sea on April 7 , 1989 ?	What was the crew 's assessment of the status of the distressed submarine at 1624 , when information concerning `` explosions '' was entered into the ship 's log ?	0
What nuclear-powered Russian submarine sank in the Norwegian Sea on April 7 , 1989 ?	`` Yes , we were all truly certain until the last minutes that we would be able to save the submarine .	0
What nuclear-powered Russian submarine sank in the Norwegian Sea on April 7 , 1989 ?	The submarine 's trim did not change until 1620 , and there were no signs of water entering the pressure hull. ''	0
What nuclear-powered Russian submarine sank in the Norwegian Sea on April 7 , 1989 ?	The report was received from the submarine at 1635 : `` The fire is intensifying .	0
What nuclear-powered Russian submarine sank in the Norwegian Sea on April 7 , 1989 ?	The loss of buoyancy reserve and the decrease in longitudinal stability of the submarine may have been determined by measuring its draft , and with a few simple computations .	0
What nuclear-powered Russian submarine sank in the Norwegian Sea on April 7 , 1989 ?	In sending the message cited here , as early as before 1635 the submarine leadership already believed that the ship was destined to sink .	0
What nuclear-powered Russian submarine sank in the Norwegian Sea on April 7 , 1989 ?	How do we explain such an abrupt change in the nature of messages from the distressed submarine ?	0
What nuclear-powered Russian submarine sank in the Norwegian Sea on April 7 , 1989 ?	How suitable was this decision , and how did it affect the stability and unsinkability of the submarine ?	0
What nuclear-powered Russian submarine sank in the Norwegian Sea on April 7 , 1989 ?	Main ballast tanks No. 5 and 7 are situated forward of the submarine 's center of gravity .	0
What nuclear-powered Russian submarine sank in the Norwegian Sea on April 7 , 1989 ?	When they are blown , in addition to an increase in buoyancy reserve the submarine 's trim by the stern increases .	0
What nuclear-powered Russian submarine sank in the Norwegian Sea on April 7 , 1989 ?	When two main ballast tanks on one side were blown simultaneously , the submarine was shaken severely , and it tilted abruptly toward the stern .	0
What nuclear-powered Russian submarine sank in the Norwegian Sea on April 7 , 1989 ?	This abrupt change in the submarine 's attitude was the cause of change in the nature of accident reports .	0
What nuclear-powered Russian submarine sank in the Norwegian Sea on April 7 , 1989 ?	Senior Lieutenant of Medical Service L. A. Zayats -LRB- explanatory report -RRB- : `` Somewhere around 1630-1340 I went up out of the submarine for the last time .	0
What nuclear-powered Russian submarine sank in the Norwegian Sea on April 7 , 1989 ?	It would be pertinent to recall here the previously cited assertion by Captain 1st Rank Kolyada that the submarine 's trim did not change before 1620 .	0
What nuclear-powered Russian submarine sank in the Norwegian Sea on April 7 , 1989 ?	Messages received from the submarine at 1635 and 1641 were like a bolt out of the blue to the naval command .	0
What nuclear-powered Russian submarine sank in the Norwegian Sea on April 7 , 1989 ?	It says evacuate the entire submarine crew .	0
What nuclear-powered Russian submarine sank in the Norwegian Sea on April 7 , 1989 ?	Thus when it sent the message that the Northern Fleet 's command post received at 1635 , the submarine 's leadership already believed that the ship was doomed .	0
What nuclear-powered Russian submarine sank in the Norwegian Sea on April 7 , 1989 ?	It is one thing to evacuate to approaching vessels , and another thing into the waters of the Norwegian Sea .	0
What nuclear-powered Russian submarine sank in the Norwegian Sea on April 7 , 1989 ?	'' How were the submarine personnel prepared for evacuation .	0
What nuclear-powered Russian submarine sank in the Norwegian Sea on April 7 , 1989 ?	Such was the explanation given by the captain 1st rank to the wide masses of laborers to his egress topside from the submarine .	0
What nuclear-powered Russian submarine sank in the Norwegian Sea on April 7 , 1989 ?	Thus the crew of the submarine was preparing for evacuation to approaching vessels , although its leadership already knew at this time that they would have to evacuate into the water , into the Norwegian Sea .	0
What nuclear-powered Russian submarine sank in the Norwegian Sea on April 7 , 1989 ?	Use of the high-pressure air reserve in the commander 's tank group for damage control would have radically altered the situation aboard the submarine even in the last stage of the accident .	0
What nuclear-powered Russian submarine sank in the Norwegian Sea on April 7 , 1989 ?	Given all of the conditions , this would have kept the submarine afloat until the arrival of the tender `` Aleksey Khlobystov '' .	0
What nuclear-powered Russian submarine sank in the Norwegian Sea on April 7 , 1989 ?	These bits of paper turned out to be more precious to the submarine 's leadership than the lives of the people .	0
What nuclear-powered Russian submarine sank in the Norwegian Sea on April 7 , 1989 ?	Lieutenant A. L. Stepanov -LRB- explanatory report -RRB- : `` Everyone in the submarine was preparing for evacuation to a vessel .	0
What nuclear-powered Russian submarine sank in the Norwegian Sea on April 7 , 1989 ?	The submarine commander gave orders to prepare secret documents for evacuation .	0
What nuclear-powered Russian submarine sank in the Norwegian Sea on April 7 , 1989 ?	We left the secrets in the submarine and raced topside. ''	0
What nuclear-powered Russian submarine sank in the Norwegian Sea on April 7 , 1989 ?	Lieutenant Zaytsev 's assertion that it was dark at this moment in the submarine is inconsistent with reality , and is not confirmed by a single participant of the tragedy .	0
What nuclear-powered Russian submarine sank in the Norwegian Sea on April 7 , 1989 ?	Can any navy staffer guarantee that the contents of this box , as well as of the other boxes and bags , are lying at the bottom of the Norwegian Sea , and not being studied in other countries ?	0
What nuclear-powered Russian submarine sank in the Norwegian Sea on April 7 , 1989 ?	Fulfilling the incompetent order to close shut-off 1 of the exhaust ventilation system , Warrant Officer Kadantsev simultaneously opened the exhaust ventilation shaft flooding valve -- that is , he unwittingly promoted faster flooding of the submarine .	0
What nuclear-powered Russian submarine sank in the Norwegian Sea on April 7 , 1989 ?	The rescue vessels were still far away , while the cold waters of the Norwegian Sea were right there .	0
What nuclear-powered Russian submarine sank in the Norwegian Sea on April 7 , 1989 ?	Because of the poor administrative skills of the submarine 's leadership , most of the crew was without them .	0
What nuclear-powered Russian submarine sank in the Norwegian Sea on April 7 , 1989 ?	Immediately after the submarine surfaced , the personnel began preparing the PSN- 20 rescue rafts for launching .	0
What nuclear-powered Russian submarine sank in the Norwegian Sea on April 7 , 1989 ?	Submarine Senior Watch Officer Captain Lieutenant A. G. Verezgov -LRB- interrogation tape recording -RRB- : `` All I had were two log books for the rafts and some brief written instructions .	0
What nuclear-powered Russian submarine sank in the Norwegian Sea on April 7 , 1989 ?	I never did realize that the submarine was sinking , and so I continued pulling at the raft .	0
What nuclear-powered Russian submarine sank in the Norwegian Sea on April 7 , 1989 ?	Suddenly the water went over my head as the submarine rose to vertical and the impact of the water .	0
What nuclear-powered Russian submarine sank in the Norwegian Sea on April 7 , 1989 ?	As the submarine sank further , the positive buoyancy of the raft caused the line by which it was secured to the railing on the conning tower superstructure to break , and it rose to the surface .	0
What nuclear-powered Russian submarine sank in the Norwegian Sea on April 7 , 1989 ?	`` Armchair-seamen '' journalists began a campaign bemoaning and deriding Russian equipment and seeking its mythical inadequacies on the basis of statements by such `` experts '' in the press , but more about that later .	0
What nuclear-powered Russian submarine sank in the Norwegian Sea on April 7 , 1989 ?	It was precisely at this time that the last message was received from the submarine : `` Trim increasing abruptly .	0
What nuclear-powered Russian submarine sank in the Norwegian Sea on April 7 , 1989 ?	The Rescue Chamber : Much was written in the press about why submarine commander Captain 1st Rank Ye .	0
What nuclear-powered Russian submarine sank in the Norwegian Sea on April 7 , 1989 ?	A. Vanin went back down into the submarine .	0
What nuclear-powered Russian submarine sank in the Norwegian Sea on April 7 , 1989 ?	In the opinion of the authors of such articles , while topside the commander learned that there were still people down below , and this motivated him to go back inside the submarine .	0
What nuclear-powered Russian submarine sank in the Norwegian Sea on April 7 , 1989 ?	So why did the commander , who was topside , go back inside the submarine ?	0
What nuclear-powered Russian submarine sank in the Norwegian Sea on April 7 , 1989 ?	Apparently the submarine commander went topside in order to estimate the situation and to give the order to prepare the rescue chamber for separation from the ship , because at this time all the personnel were topside .	0
What nuclear-powered Russian submarine sank in the Norwegian Sea on April 7 , 1989 ?	I ran back for Ispenkov , and at that moment the submarine tilted severely to the stern .	0
What nuclear-powered Russian submarine sank in the Norwegian Sea on April 7 , 1989 ?	In addition Slyusarenko 's statement confirms that the lighting was functioning in the submarine 's compartments until the very last moment , and Lieutenant Zaytsev 's assertion of the reverse is inconsistent with reality .	0
What nuclear-powered Russian submarine sank in the Norwegian Sea on April 7 , 1989 ?	Under certain conditions the chamber could have become a very great aid in survival of people in the frigid waters of the Norwegian Sea .	0
What nuclear-powered Russian submarine sank in the Norwegian Sea on April 7 , 1989 ?	The rescue chamber is secured at its coaming by a rack-and-pinion release to the coaming of the submarine , such that a waterproof space -LRB- the fore chamber -RRB- is created between it and the ship 's hull .	0
What nuclear-powered Russian submarine sank in the Norwegian Sea on April 7 , 1989 ?	The submarine was already going down , but I managed to force the upper conning tower hatch down with my legs. ''	0
What nuclear-powered Russian submarine sank in the Norwegian Sea on April 7 , 1989 ?	Warrant Officer V. S. Kadantsev -LRB- the newspaper PODVODNIK ZAPOLYARYA , 20 April 1989 -RRB- : `` They were in the VSK .	0
What nuclear-powered Russian submarine sank in the Norwegian Sea on April 7 , 1989 ?	It was not until the submarine 's trim equalized that Captain 3d Rank Yudin and Warrant Officer Chernikov were able to drag Warrant Officer Slyusarenko into the chamber .	0
What nuclear-powered Russian submarine sank in the Norwegian Sea on April 7 , 1989 ?	Before the hatch was closed we heard noise recalling boiling water -- obviously air was escaping from the sinking submarine . ''	0
What nuclear-powered Russian submarine sank in the Norwegian Sea on April 7 , 1989 ?	As we can see from this , air entered the chamber from the submarine at the moment the lower hatch of the rescue chamber was being battened down , creating an elevated pressure within it .	0
What nuclear-powered Russian submarine sank in the Norwegian Sea on April 7 , 1989 ?	In addition the rescue chamber was `` tethered '' by this hose to the submarine 's pressure hull .	0
What nuclear-powered Russian submarine sank in the Norwegian Sea on April 7 , 1989 ?	The sequence of the personnel 's actions following separation of the rescue chamber from the submarine was presented somewhat differently in Warrant Officer Slyusarenko 's explanatory report .	0
What nuclear-powered Russian submarine sank in the Norwegian Sea on April 7 , 1989 ?	We can not be fully certain that the personnel had carried out all of the operation to separate the rescue chamber from the submarine correctly , even with the help of the posted instructions .	0
What nuclear-powered Russian submarine sank in the Norwegian Sea on April 7 , 1989 ?	With the lower conning tower hatch open , the crew could not have done anything to separate the rescue chamber from the submarine until pressure within the submarine equalized with the outside water pressure .	0
What nuclear-powered Russian submarine sank in the Norwegian Sea on April 7 , 1989 ?	The nature of the damage and the positions of the damaged structures clearly indicate that this damage occurred after the submarine struck bottom .	0
What nuclear-powered Russian submarine sank in the Norwegian Sea on April 7 , 1989 ?	When the submarine struck bottom , the pressure tanks in compartments 2 and 3 ruptured , producing a hydraulic shock .	0
What nuclear-powered Russian submarine sank in the Norwegian Sea on April 7 , 1989 ?	It damaged the upper cover of the entry hatch of compartment 1 , and helped the rescue chamber to separate from the submarine .	0
What nuclear-powered Russian submarine sank in the Norwegian Sea on April 7 , 1989 ?	In 1975 , during strength trials on an experimental compartment of this submarine , the testing chamber was ruptured by a hydraulic shock .	0
What nuclear-powered Russian submarine sank in the Norwegian Sea on April 7 , 1989 ?	The conditions causing it were repeated in relation to many parameters during the submarine tragedy .	0
What nuclear-powered Russian submarine sank in the Norwegian Sea on April 7 , 1989 ?	The attempts by Slyusarenko and Chernikov to place the mask of the breathing apparatus over the submarine commander 's head were unsuccessful .	0
What nuclear-powered Russian submarine sank in the Norwegian Sea on April 7 , 1989 ?	We were all without life jackets , no one had expected the submarine to disappear so quickly. ''	0
What nuclear-powered Russian submarine sank in the Norwegian Sea on April 7 , 1989 ?	And in the newspaper PODVODNIK ZAPOLYARYA -LRB- 20 April 1989 -RRB- the participants of the event shared their memories : Captain Lieutenant V. A. Gregulev : `` And some did n't know how to swim .	0
What nuclear-powered Russian submarine sank in the Norwegian Sea on April 7 , 1989 ?	All of the subsequent actions by warrant officers Slyusarenko and Chernikov to put the IDA-59 masks over the faces of Yudin and submarine commander Vanin occurred while the rescue chamber was on the surface .	0
What nuclear-powered Russian submarine sank in the Norwegian Sea on April 7 , 1989 ?	On an image of the visible part of the rack-and-pinion ring securing the rescue chamber to the submarine hull , one section of this ring may be classified as a section with a broken tooth .	0
What nuclear-powered Russian submarine sank in the Norwegian Sea on April 7 , 1989 ?	The absence of imagery of the matching part of the release on the submarine 's pressure hull does not permit any definite conclusion .	0
What nuclear-powered Russian submarine sank in the Norwegian Sea on April 7 , 1989 ?	This question could be clarified fully only by raising the rescue chamber or submarine .	0
What nuclear-powered Russian submarine sank in the Norwegian Sea on April 7 , 1989 ?	In August - September 1991 a deep-sea submersible inspected the matching part of the rack-and-pinion release on the submarine 's pressure hull .	0
What nuclear-powered Russian submarine sank in the Norwegian Sea on April 7 , 1989 ?	It sank together with the commander of the submarine , Captain 1st Rank Ye .	0
What nuclear-powered Russian submarine sank in the Norwegian Sea on April 7 , 1989 ?	A. Vanin , Captain 3d Rank V. A. Yudin and Warrant Officer A. V. Krasnobayev , and it is now lying on the bottom of the Norwegian Sea with the upper hatch open , in ideal conditions for raising .	0
What nuclear-powered Russian submarine sank in the Norwegian Sea on April 7 , 1989 ?	Analysis of the crew 's actions during the accident revealed its total inability to fight for the submarine 's survival .	0
What nuclear-powered Russian submarine sank in the Norwegian Sea on April 7 , 1989 ?	The submarine sank with 25 percent of its reserve of high-pressure air unused , with the diesel generator operating , with an operating electric power system , with working damage control equipment , and with functioning electric lighting .	0
What nuclear-powered Russian submarine sank in the Norwegian Sea on April 7 , 1989 ?	The absence of the RBITS negatively affected both the crew 's training in submarine damage control problems and its actions during the accident .	0
What nuclear-powered Russian submarine sank in the Norwegian Sea on April 7 , 1989 ?	No real or imaginary imperfections in equipment , systems and the submarine itself were the cause of the accident and the fire in compartment 7 , or influenced the tragedy 's outcome .	0
What nuclear-powered Russian submarine sank in the Norwegian Sea on April 7 , 1989 ?	And that this submarine had supposedly been classified as `` nominally '' in the first line -- that is , on the fighting team , with the `` grace '' of the navy .	0
What nuclear-powered Russian submarine sank in the Norwegian Sea on April 7 , 1989 ?	This was a fighting submarine , and it was designed , built and transferred to the navy on the basis of standards and requirements imposed on a fighting submarine .	0
What nuclear-powered Russian submarine sank in the Norwegian Sea on April 7 , 1989 ?	Unfortunately this has not ended the discussion of the experimental submarine .	0
What nuclear-powered Russian submarine sank in the Norwegian Sea on April 7 , 1989 ?	Moreover , for what sort of other operation can an experimental submarine be transferred besides experimental ?	0
What nuclear-powered Russian submarine sank in the Norwegian Sea on April 7 , 1989 ?	And in order to be persuaded of this , it would be sufficient to compare experimental models of Russian articles at exhibitions with the series-manufactured models of these same articles sold in stores .	0
What nuclear-powered Russian submarine sank in the Norwegian Sea on April 7 , 1989 ?	Professionals know that their presence in a submarine directly influences its survivability. ''	0
What nuclear-powered Russian submarine sank in the Norwegian Sea on April 7 , 1989 ?	The vice admiral 's logic is astounding : If it is a unique submarine , then it must have unique design deficiencies .	0
What nuclear-powered Russian submarine sank in the Norwegian Sea on April 7 , 1989 ?	reads : `` In the fight to save the submarine , the crew displayed self-sacrifice and courage , but in the situation as it was , the submarine could not be saved. ''	0
What nuclear-powered Russian submarine sank in the Norwegian Sea on April 7 , 1989 ?	It was not until after his departure in summer 1987 that the attitude toward this crew , its training and time at sea changed abruptly for the better. ''	0
What nuclear-powered Russian submarine sank in the Norwegian Sea on April 7 , 1989 ?	Vice Admiral Chernov commanded the submarine flotilla until June 1986 , and not until summer 1987 , as Kalashnikov asserts .	0
What nuclear-powered Russian submarine sank in the Norwegian Sea on April 7 , 1989 ?	This would have been fully enough time to form and train a new crew for any submarine .	0
What nuclear-powered Russian submarine sank in the Norwegian Sea on April 7 , 1989 ?	In both publications Gorbachev blames the demise of the submariners and the submarine itself on the designer on the basis of rumors and talks with `` yardkeeper acquaintances '' of his .	0
What nuclear-powered Russian submarine sank in the Norwegian Sea on April 7 , 1989 ?	The fire was predestined by the poor preparation of the ship for the cruise and the grossest violations of the rules of operating the submarine 's equipment .	0
What nuclear-powered Russian submarine sank in the Norwegian Sea on April 7 , 1989 ?	Nor was the compartment fully involved aboard the submarine in the initial period of the accident .	0
What nuclear-powered Russian submarine sank in the Norwegian Sea on April 7 , 1989 ?	The former commander of the submarine asked some questions that sound very strange coming from him -- `` Who taught the submariners to use the life rafts and prepare them for use ?	0
What nuclear-powered Russian submarine sank in the Norwegian Sea on April 7 , 1989 ?	What other word can you use to describe the attempt to blame the designer for the submarine 's demise without any proof or justifications ?	0
What nuclear-powered Russian submarine sank in the Norwegian Sea on April 7 , 1989 ?	Nor could you have known that the American submarine `` Thrasher '' sank not due to `` inadequate underwater unsinkability '' but for an entirely different reason .	0
What nuclear-powered Russian submarine sank in the Norwegian Sea on April 7 , 1989 ?	None of this information is contained in the adventure novels on the basis of which you probably developed your ideas about submarine building .	0
What nuclear-powered Russian submarine sank in the Norwegian Sea on April 7 , 1989 ?	And do n't recall Admiral S. O. Makarov and Academician A. N. Krylov in vain , believe me that submarine designers also understand unsinkability and the procedure for designing particular systems and entire submarines .	0
What nuclear-powered Russian submarine sank in the Norwegian Sea on April 7 , 1989 ?	Something has to be said about the articles written by the writer N. A. Cherkashin , a former submarine deputy commander for political affairs .	0
What nuclear-powered Russian submarine sank in the Norwegian Sea on April 7 , 1989 ?	It was unique , because the nuclear- powered submarine was itself unique : a special hull , navigation at very great depth ... . '' -LSB- . sup -RSB- 56 -LSB- / -RSB-	0
What nuclear-powered Russian submarine sank in the Norwegian Sea on April 7 , 1989 ?	It seems that a fire depends on the structure and material of the hull , as well as on the depth at which a submarine travels .	0
What nuclear-powered Russian submarine sank in the Norwegian Sea on April 7 , 1989 ?	Five years of accident-free operation confirmed the high operating reliability of the submarine , and this time was fully sufficient to reveal any deficiencies , if there were any .	0
What nuclear-powered Russian submarine sank in the Norwegian Sea on April 7 , 1989 ?	A. Zelenskiy , Captain 2d Rank V. V. Stafanovskiy and many other submariners are not builders of submarines , but this does n't keep them from making a realistic assessment of the level of occupational training of submarine crews .	0
What nuclear-powered Russian submarine sank in the Norwegian Sea on April 7 , 1989 ?	Allow me to inform you , my respected writer , that the sorry specialists from the 1st Submarine Flotilla misled you .	0
What nuclear-powered Russian submarine sank in the Norwegian Sea on April 7 , 1989 ?	It would be pertinent here to cite the following statement by division deputy commander Captain 1st Rank Kolyada , as presented by the writer N. A. Cherkashin : `` The submarine behaved normally .	0
What nuclear-powered Russian submarine sank in the Norwegian Sea on April 7 , 1989 ?	When compartments 6 and 7 are flooded at the same time that main ballast tank No. 10 is flooded , the submarine loses 50 percent of its buoyancy reserve at the stern .	0
What nuclear-powered Russian submarine sank in the Norwegian Sea on April 7 , 1989 ?	This is not counting the unblown tank No. 5 and the flooded starboard tank No 7 . Elementary logic tells us that no submarine can remain afloat with such loss of buoyancy and with such an upsetting moment .	0
What nuclear-powered Russian submarine sank in the Norwegian Sea on April 7 , 1989 ?	It was because of this professional incompetency that the crew found itself in the frigid waters of the Norwegian Sea without rescue equipment , and was forced to pay for this with its life .	0
What nuclear-powered Russian submarine sank in the Norwegian Sea on April 7 , 1989 ?	The newspaper SMENA -LRB- 15 April 1990 -RRB- carried an article by Captain 1st Rank -LRB- Retired -RRB- V. A. Boyko titled `` No Culprits as Usual ? ''	0
What nuclear-powered Russian submarine sank in the Norwegian Sea on April 7 , 1989 ?	He is in a better position to know how imperfect the concepts of and requirements on submarine design are in relation to survivability .	0
What nuclear-powered Russian submarine sank in the Norwegian Sea on April 7 , 1989 ?	cites specific `` deficiencies '' of the submarine which , in the opinion of the authors influenced the tragedy 's outcome .	0
What nuclear-powered Russian submarine sank in the Norwegian Sea on April 7 , 1989 ?	Such a system does not exist in the navy 's requirements on submarine design .	0
What nuclear-powered Russian submarine sank in the Norwegian Sea on April 7 , 1989 ?	The leadership of submarine formations is responsible for such development .	0
What nuclear-powered Russian submarine sank in the Norwegian Sea on April 7 , 1989 ?	There is no need to bring up the fact that not a single submarine of the navy has an integrated system for forecasting possible development of events in extreme situations on the basis of objective data .	0
What nuclear-powered Russian submarine sank in the Norwegian Sea on April 7 , 1989 ?	No submarines of the navy have a system for controlling the airtightness of compartments from the control room -LRB- with the exception of a certain class of submarine with a limited number of personnel -RRB- .	0
What nuclear-powered Russian submarine sank in the Norwegian Sea on April 7 , 1989 ?	Development of such systems for manned compartments is not foreseen in the navy 's requirements on submarine design .	0
What nuclear-powered Russian submarine sank in the Norwegian Sea on April 7 , 1989 ?	Introduction of such a system into a submarine would be equivalent to complicating the design , increasing the weight and size characteristics of the equipment , and reducing its reliability .	0
What nuclear-powered Russian submarine sank in the Norwegian Sea on April 7 , 1989 ?	As for the degree to which these negative indicators could be compensated by the anticipated increase in submarine survivability , the answer to this question can be provided only through meticulous design development .	0
What nuclear-powered Russian submarine sank in the Norwegian Sea on April 7 , 1989 ?	None of the `` design peculiarities '' could have caused the accident and the demise of the submarine .	0
What nuclear-powered Russian submarine sank in the Norwegian Sea on April 7 , 1989 ?	Nor is optimism raised by the nonspecific nature of measures to create training centers and establish submarine basing and technical maintenance conditions .	0
What nuclear-powered Russian submarine sank in the Norwegian Sea on April 7 , 1989 ?	2 . For practical purposes there was only one tank containing turbine oil in compartment 7 of the submarine , and not three -- a 9 m -LSB- . sup -RSB- 3 -LSB- / -RSB-	0
What nuclear-powered Russian submarine sank in the Norwegian Sea on April 7 , 1989 ?	Five years of the submarine 's operation demonstrated the effectiveness of the system for removing oil vapor from the air of compartments .	0
What nuclear-powered Russian submarine sank in the Norwegian Sea on April 7 , 1989 ?	The complaints of the authors of the remark that the designers failed to satisfy the requirements of the TPPL-75 -LSB- Submarine Design Requirements -RSB- are wrong .	0
What nuclear-powered Russian submarine sank in the Norwegian Sea on April 7 , 1989 ?	Thus these TPPL- 75 were not introduced on any submarine of the navy .	0
What nuclear-powered Russian submarine sank in the Norwegian Sea on April 7 , 1989 ?	Because such cable was difficult to manufacture , it was not used aboard any submarine .	0
What nuclear-powered Russian submarine sank in the Norwegian Sea on April 7 , 1989 ?	Recommendations of the design office regarding the use of the submarine 's equipment in emergency situations , 21.GGK-E-478-82 , do not foresee closure of valves on oil pipelines when sealing compartment 7 .	0
What nuclear-powered Russian submarine sank in the Norwegian Sea on April 7 , 1989 ?	The attempt to criticize the `` Recommendations '' 21.GGK-E-478-82 drawn up by the designer is wrong , because they were not intended for use by submarine personnel .	0
What nuclear-powered Russian submarine sank in the Norwegian Sea on April 7 , 1989 ?	4 . The complaint of the authors of the remark that the absence of instructions on testing the airtightness of the submarine 's intercompartment bulkheads with a 100 mm Hg vacuum is unjustified .	0
What nuclear-powered Russian submarine sank in the Norwegian Sea on April 7 , 1989 ?	Other resources capable of extinguishing a fire at elevated pressure are not foreseen by the submarine 's design .	0
What nuclear-powered Russian submarine sank in the Norwegian Sea on April 7 , 1989 ?	The submarine lacks resources for extinguishing a fire at compartment pressures exceeding 2 kg /cm -LSB- . sup -RSB- 2 -LSB- / -RSB- . ''	0
What nuclear-powered Russian submarine sank in the Norwegian Sea on April 7 , 1989 ?	It does not make any sense to introduce this information into LOKh system operations , because the instructions are not part of the set of submarine damage control documents .	0
What nuclear-powered Russian submarine sank in the Norwegian Sea on April 7 , 1989 ?	The assertions of the authors of the remark that a fire extinguishing concentration of freon could not be created in compartments 6 and 7 because of the absence of freon reserves aboard the submarine are unfounded .	0
What nuclear-powered Russian submarine sank in the Norwegian Sea on April 7 , 1989 ?	The consequences : This resulted in a fire in the GKP , which complicated leadership of submarine damage control efforts. ''	0
What nuclear-powered Russian submarine sank in the Norwegian Sea on April 7 , 1989 ?	Compartment 3 filled with gas , and so the attack center was compelled to carry out the subsequent submarine damage control actions while wearing individual protective equipment .	0
What nuclear-powered Russian submarine sank in the Norwegian Sea on April 7 , 1989 ?	Introduction of switching apparatus into control circuits unjustifiably complicates the circuits and reduces the reliability of a submarine 's electric power system as a whole .	0
What nuclear-powered Russian submarine sank in the Norwegian Sea on April 7 , 1989 ?	Even after the circuit breaker tripped in the distribution panel RShchN- 12 , located in compartment 7 , the electric power system of the submarine remained serviceable , and continued to function until the end of the tragedy .	0
What nuclear-powered Russian submarine sank in the Norwegian Sea on April 7 , 1989 ?	`` The kingstonless design of the TsGB sharply reduces the longitudinal stability of a submarine when it is not in trim and when the sea is disturbed .	0
What nuclear-powered Russian submarine sank in the Norwegian Sea on April 7 , 1989 ?	The consequences : This resulted in the flooding of TsGB No. 8 , 9 , 10 and disturbance of their integrity , as a result of which the submarine lost buoyancy and longitudinal stability. ''	0
What nuclear-powered Russian submarine sank in the Norwegian Sea on April 7 , 1989 ?	In addition sea state begins to affect the buoyancy reserve of a submarine -LRB- and not its longitudinal stability , as the authors of the remark assert -RRB- at a sea state of 5 - 6 points or more .	0
What nuclear-powered Russian submarine sank in the Norwegian Sea on April 7 , 1989 ?	The submarine surfaced with its starboard main ballast tanks No. 5 and 10 not blown .	0
What nuclear-powered Russian submarine sank in the Norwegian Sea on April 7 , 1989 ?	The submarine sank as a result of flooding of compartment 7 and partially of compartment 6 , with absolutely no damage control efforts attempted by the personnel .	0
What nuclear-powered Russian submarine sank in the Norwegian Sea on April 7 , 1989 ?	In addition to this , the submarine lacks instruments by which to monitor the submarine 's static attitude in a disturbed sea -LRB- violation of the requirements of articles 9.2.5 ,	0
What nuclear-powered Russian submarine sank in the Norwegian Sea on April 7 , 1989 ?	The means of objectively monitoring change in the submarine 's attitude are lacking , making it impossible for the GKP to correctly predict the submarine 's behavior when water enters a compartment and the TsGB . ''	0
What nuclear-powered Russian submarine sank in the Norwegian Sea on April 7 , 1989 ?	`` The design does not foresee a system for monitoring the filling -LRB- blowing -RRB- of the submarine 's TsGB .	0
What nuclear-powered Russian submarine sank in the Norwegian Sea on April 7 , 1989 ?	Not a single submarine of the navy has a system for monitoring the filling of main ballast tanks .	0
What nuclear-powered Russian submarine sank in the Norwegian Sea on April 7 , 1989 ?	The consequences : RAVA hoses ruptured in response to fire and the elevated temperature in the compartment , which led to uncontrolled flooding of the compartment and loss of the submarine 's longitudinal stability and buoyancy. ''	0
What nuclear-powered Russian submarine sank in the Norwegian Sea on April 7 , 1989 ?	The submarine lacks a program supporting the reliability of technical resources -LRB- the requirements of Article 2.3 of the OTT6 .1.1 - 81	0
What nuclear-powered Russian submarine sank in the Norwegian Sea on April 7 , 1989 ?	A log was developed and a spare set of equipment not used aboard other classes of submarines was delivered in order to keep the submarine 's reliability high .	0
What nuclear-powered Russian submarine sank in the Norwegian Sea on April 7 , 1989 ?	During the accident these circuit breakers provided for automatic disconnection of damaged networks , distribution panels and damaged electrical equipment , and ensured trouble-free operation of the electric power system until the submarine 's demise .	0
What nuclear-powered Russian submarine sank in the Norwegian Sea on April 7 , 1989 ?	`` The number of personnel calculated by the central design office serving as the designer was insufficient to service equipment in normal conditions , and absolutely not enough to carry out submarine damage control in times of accident .	0
What nuclear-powered Russian submarine sank in the Norwegian Sea on April 7 , 1989 ?	Without the consent of industry the navy increased the crew to 57 persons by its Directive No. 730/2/00395 dated 23 April 1982 ; in this case the number of personnel in BCh-5 was increased by only one person .	0
What nuclear-powered Russian submarine sank in the Norwegian Sea on April 7 , 1989 ?	Apparently the navy felt that this number was fully sufficient for this department , which maintains technical resources and carries out submarine damage control .	0
What nuclear-powered Russian submarine sank in the Norwegian Sea on April 7 , 1989 ?	Were the qualifications of the specialists adequate , the increase that was made in the crew size to 64 persons would have been quite enough to maintain the submarine under normal operating conditions .	0
What nuclear-powered Russian submarine sank in the Norwegian Sea on April 7 , 1989 ?	The requirement of Article 173 of the RBZh-PL-82 , which prohibits a submarine from going to sea undermanned , was violated .	0
What nuclear-powered Russian submarine sank in the Norwegian Sea on April 7 , 1989 ?	The consequences : Absence of communication made efficient leadership of submarine damage control practically impossible. ''	0
What nuclear-powered Russian submarine sank in the Norwegian Sea on April 7 , 1989 ?	This assertion by the authors of the remark is only an excuse for the inactivity of the submarine 's command in damage control efforts .	0
What nuclear-powered Russian submarine sank in the Norwegian Sea on April 7 , 1989 ?	2 . Article 12.2.9 of the TPPL-75 discusses relief of pressure by compressors in normal submarine operating conditions , which has nothing in common with the remarks here , and therefore the reference to it is incorrect .	0
What nuclear-powered Russian submarine sank in the Norwegian Sea on April 7 , 1989 ?	In accordance with Article 275 of the RBZh-PL-82 , the responsibility of developing recommendations on relieving pressure in each compartment of a surfaced and a submerged submarine of each class is assigned to the naval formations .	0
What nuclear-powered Russian submarine sank in the Norwegian Sea on April 7 , 1989 ?	On 29 October 1955 the battleship `` Novorossiysk '' sank as a result of an outside explosion while standing at the main base of the Black Sea Fleet .	0
What nuclear-powered Russian submarine sank in the Norwegian Sea on April 7 , 1989 ?	9 . Bringing a crew up to the first line means officially confirming the readiness of a submarine crew for independent navigation and patrol duty .	0
What nuclear-powered Russian submarine sank in the Norwegian Sea on April 7 , 1989 ?	The newspaper KRASNAYA ZVEZDA , 15 April 1989 .	0
What nuclear-powered Russian submarine sank in the Norwegian Sea on April 7 , 1989 ?	The newspaper SOVETSKAYA ROSSIYA , 26 April 1990 .	0
What nuclear-powered Russian submarine sank in the Norwegian Sea on April 7 , 1989 ?	Each compartment of a submarine contains a station of the LOKh system , from which fire extinguisher can be delivered into that or neighboring compartments .	0
What nuclear-powered Russian submarine sank in the Norwegian Sea on April 7 , 1989 ?	The newspaper NA STRAZHE ZAPOLYARYA , 25 April 1989 .	0
What nuclear-powered Russian submarine sank in the Norwegian Sea on April 7 , 1989 ?	When sending a radio message , a submarine must receive a message -LRB- an acknowledgement -RRB- from the addressee indicating that it had been received and correctly understood -LRB- decoded -RRB- .	0
What nuclear-powered Russian submarine sank in the Norwegian Sea on April 7 , 1989 ?	Each crewmember is obligated to always have a PDU with him when aboard a submarine .	0
What nuclear-powered Russian submarine sank in the Norwegian Sea on April 7 , 1989 ?	All radio messages from a submarine are numbered .	0
What nuclear-powered Russian submarine sank in the Norwegian Sea on April 7 , 1989 ?	The newspaper PODVODNIK ZAPOLYARYA , 20 April 1989 .	0
What nuclear-powered Russian submarine sank in the Norwegian Sea on April 7 , 1989 ?	The newspaper KRASNAYA ZVEZDA , 19 April 1989 ; the journal SOVETSKIY VOIN , No. 1 , 1990 .	0
What nuclear-powered Russian submarine sank in the Norwegian Sea on April 7 , 1989 ?	The newspaper KRASNAYA ZVEZDA , 21 April 1989 .	0
What nuclear-powered Russian submarine sank in the Norwegian Sea on April 7 , 1989 ?	The newspaper SMENA , 15 April 1990 .	0
What nuclear-powered Russian submarine sank in the Norwegian Sea on April 7 , 1989 ?	It was the only submarine of its kind in the world : The most up-to-date and most deep-water .	0
What nuclear-powered Russian submarine sank in the Norwegian Sea on April 7 , 1989 ?	A number of countries offered to help in formulating a plan to raise the submarine from the bottom of the Norwegian Sea .	0
What nuclear-powered Russian submarine sank in the Norwegian Sea on April 7 , 1989 ?	That is to say they planned to freeze the submarine and lift it in the form of a block of ice .	0
What nuclear-powered Russian submarine sank in the Norwegian Sea on April 7 , 1989 ?	Meanwhile the former USSR party leadership issued a decree tasking the appropriate organizations and departments with carrying out the work necessary to raise the sunken submarine .	0
What nuclear-powered Russian submarine sank in the Norwegian Sea on April 7 , 1989 ?	However , expeditions to the bottom of the Norwegian Sea showed that it has also become impossible to raise the submarine from the technical point of view .	0
What nuclear-powered Russian submarine sank in the Norwegian Sea on April 7 , 1989 ?	Using the manned deep-sea submersibles Mir-1 and Mir-2 , it has proved possible to descend to the site of the sunken submarine .	0
What nuclear-powered Russian submarine sank in the Norwegian Sea on April 7 , 1989 ?	It seemed as if a blizzard was raging at the bottom of the Norwegian Sea .	0
What nuclear-powered Russian submarine sank in the Norwegian Sea on April 7 , 1989 ?	The specialists were able to determine the exact position of the submarine .	0
What nuclear-powered Russian submarine sank in the Norwegian Sea on April 7 , 1989 ?	The submarine 's position encouraged the specialists to think that they could execute their plan to raise the vessel .	0
What nuclear-powered Russian submarine sank in the Norwegian Sea on April 7 , 1989 ?	After a thorough examination of the submarine it became apparent that the inner hull was badly damaged .	0
What nuclear-powered Russian submarine sank in the Norwegian Sea on April 7 , 1989 ?	This could have happened during the depressurization and flooding of the submarine or at the moment when it hit the bottom .	0
What nuclear-powered Russian submarine sank in the Norwegian Sea on April 7 , 1989 ?	This explosion damaged the submarine .	0
What nuclear-powered Russian submarine sank in the Norwegian Sea on April 7 , 1989 ?	The submarine 's systems , instruments , and equipment had been transformed into scrap metal .	0
What nuclear-powered Russian submarine sank in the Norwegian Sea on April 7 , 1989 ?	Basically , with every day that passes the nuclear warheads aboard the sunken submarine are being destroyed as a result of electrochemical corrosion on a large scale .	0
What nuclear-powered Russian submarine sank in the Norwegian Sea on April 7 , 1989 ?	These photographs show that the water around the submarine was literally boiling .	0
What nuclear-powered Russian submarine sank in the Norwegian Sea on April 7 , 1989 ?	These high temperatures caused the submarine 's special coating to peel off .	0
What nuclear-powered Russian submarine sank in the Norwegian Sea on April 7 , 1989 ?	And owing to the difference in temperature between the inside and outside of the submarine , the vessel basically exploded .	0
What nuclear-powered Russian submarine sank in the Norwegian Sea on April 7 , 1989 ?	In other words , the intention is to cover the submarine 's nose cone with concrete at a depth of 1,700 meters .	0
What nuclear-powered Russian submarine sank in the Norwegian Sea on April 7 , 1989 ?	The work will be financed by the Russian Federation Government .	0
What nuclear-powered Russian submarine sank in the Norwegian Sea on April 7 , 1989 ?	This is not the only submarine which has sunk , but the attention which it attracts worldwide has serious reasons .	0
What nuclear-powered Russian submarine sank in the Norwegian Sea on April 7 , 1989 ?	Furthermore , it appears that a few meters from the seabed an explosion occurred on the submarine .	0
What nuclear-powered Russian submarine sank in the Norwegian Sea on April 7 , 1989 ?	The submarine is lying on the slope of an underwater hill , as it were .	0
What nuclear-powered Russian submarine sank in the Norwegian Sea on April 7 , 1989 ?	The white waterline on the nose of the submarine marks the division between two compartments .	0
What nuclear-powered Russian submarine sank in the Norwegian Sea on April 7 , 1989 ?	The beryllium shell is all that separates the most toxic substance on Earth from the Norwegian Sea .	0
What nuclear-powered Russian submarine sank in the Norwegian Sea on April 7 , 1989 ?	Tengiz Borisov : Any attempt to lift the submarine could lead to its disintegration and pollute the environment .	0
What nuclear-powered Russian submarine sank in the Norwegian Sea on April 7 , 1989 ?	So we can not lift the submarine .	0
What nuclear-powered Russian submarine sank in the Norwegian Sea on April 7 , 1989 ?	Various sorbents for measuring the presence of all possible radionuclides in the aura of the submarine are carried in a special compartment in the belly of the bathyscaphe .	0
What nuclear-powered Russian submarine sank in the Norwegian Sea on April 7 , 1989 ?	The sorbents are placed in special grapnels which are attached to the hull of the submarine or buried in the seabed for a time .	0
What nuclear-powered Russian submarine sank in the Norwegian Sea on April 7 , 1989 ?	The submarine sank on April 7 , 1989 .	0
What nuclear-powered Russian submarine sank in the Norwegian Sea on April 7 , 1989 ?	Borisov said that raising the submarine was out of the question because its titanium hull , torpedo compartment hatch rods and bodies of the torpedoes , notably carrying nuclear warheads , were damaged .	0
What nuclear-powered Russian submarine sank in the Norwegian Sea on April 7 , 1989 ?	The Russian government was said to have made a decision to appropriate the funds .	0
What nuclear-powered Russian submarine sank in the Norwegian Sea on April 7 , 1989 ?	Once the sealing is done , Borisov said , a program of extracting nuclear warheads from the submarine will have to be devised .	0
What nuclear-powered Russian submarine sank in the Norwegian Sea on April 7 , 1989 ?	Under the headline `` To Achieve Civil Accord in Russia `` , the ROSSIYSKIYE VESTI newspaper features the full draft of the appropriate agreement -LRB- version 1 -RRB- of last March 27 .	0
What nuclear-powered Russian submarine sank in the Norwegian Sea on April 7 , 1989 ?	-LRB- History -RRB- , describes in an interview with the same newspaper President Yeltsin 's programme of a Spanish visit which will start on April 11 .	0
What nuclear-powered Russian submarine sank in the Norwegian Sea on April 7 , 1989 ?	It will be the first official visit by a Russian president to Spain .	0
What nuclear-powered Russian submarine sank in the Norwegian Sea on April 7 , 1989 ?	Under the title `` Black Sea Fleet is a Political Notion Now `` , the KRASNAYA ZVEZDA newspaper carries an interview with the fleet commander , Admiral Eduard Baltin .	0
What nuclear-powered Russian submarine sank in the Norwegian Sea on April 7 , 1989 ?	The admiral stresses that `` the two sides should take into account , above all , military need and economic expediency '' while shaping up their relations with regard to the Black Sea Fleet .	0
What nuclear-powered Russian submarine sank in the Norwegian Sea on April 7 , 1989 ?	The same newspaper runs a statement by Commander of Russian Border Troops Andrey Nikolayev to ITAR-TASS which is entitled `` Russia will not put up with pillage '' .	0
What nuclear-powered Russian submarine sank in the Norwegian Sea on April 7 , 1989 ?	The newspaper writes that the press reports all the time about violations of Russian territorial waters by Japanese fishing vessels for illegal fishing .	0
What nuclear-powered Russian submarine sank in the Norwegian Sea on April 7 , 1989 ?	In this connection , a decision was taken to launch a special operation on the eve of the fishing season to stop illegal fishing by foreign ships in the Pacific region , starting from April 20 .	0
What nuclear-powered Russian submarine sank in the Norwegian Sea on April 7 , 1989 ?	The same newspaper runs information that the upper chamber of the Russian parliament did not accept on Wednesday the resignation of former Russian Prosecutor-General Aleksey Kazannik .	0
What nuclear-powered Russian submarine sank in the Norwegian Sea on April 7 , 1989 ?	Byacheslav Nikonov , chairman of the lower house subcommittee on international security and arms control , examines in NEZAVISIMAYA GAZETA a decision by Russian authorities to join NATO 's programme `` partnership for peace '' .	0
What nuclear-powered Russian submarine sank in the Norwegian Sea on April 7 , 1989 ?	Officials in the Northern Fleet 's press center told Interfax Thursday that radiometric and spectrometric sampling of the sea water and bottom suggested that there was no plutonium-239 in the spot where the submarine had sunk .	0
What nuclear-powered Russian submarine sank in the Norwegian Sea on April 7 , 1989 ?	The gamma radiation at the sea surface ranged from 1.5 to 5 microRoentgen per hour .	0
What nuclear-powered Russian submarine sank in the Norwegian Sea on April 7 , 1989 ?	According to the April 7 data , the radiation there stayed within background values .	0
What nuclear-powered Russian submarine sank in the Norwegian Sea on April 7 , 1989 ?	As was noted at a meeting of senior ministry officials in Moscow on Monday , all is ready for an expedition to the Norwegian sea .	0
What nuclear-powered Russian submarine sank in the Norwegian Sea on April 7 , 1989 ?	Since it is very hard to say how the submarine will fare in the future , it should be sealed as quickly as possible , Kravchenko said .	0
What nuclear-powered Russian submarine sank in the Norwegian Sea on April 7 , 1989 ?	A Decision Has Been Made -- A Special Sarcophagus Will Cover the Nuclear Submarine `Komsomolets '	0
What nuclear-powered Russian submarine sank in the Norwegian Sea on April 7 , 1989 ?	The research that was conducted this year has shown insignificant seepage of cesium and strontium radioactive isotopes from the nuclear submarine , which attests to a seal failure of the reactor and partial destruction of the pressure hull .	0
What nuclear-powered Russian submarine sank in the Norwegian Sea on April 7 , 1989 ?	We have detected evidence of corrosion and fragments of the torpedoes ' warheads in the submarine 's torpedo tubes .	0
What nuclear-powered Russian submarine sank in the Norwegian Sea on April 7 , 1989 ?	The torpedo launchers were partially demolished due to the submarine 's depressurizing .	0
What nuclear-powered Russian submarine sank in the Norwegian Sea on April 7 , 1989 ?	There is an imminent danger of radioactive leakage into the environment due to a free water exchange in the afore sections of the atomic submarine .	0
What nuclear-powered Russian submarine sank in the Norwegian Sea on April 7 , 1989 ?	Firstly , the mission should try to partially seal the afore sections of the submarine , using deep water submersible apparatuses .	0
What nuclear-powered Russian submarine sank in the Norwegian Sea on April 7 , 1989 ?	Thirdly , it would examine the hub of the submarine and the floating rescue camera box , which has broken up and now lies at the bottom six km to the west of the submarine .	0
What nuclear-powered Russian submarine sank in the Norwegian Sea on April 7 , 1989 ?	I shall recall that the final pressurizing of the submarine hub is due to take place in 1995 .	0
What nuclear-powered Russian submarine sank in the Norwegian Sea on April 7 , 1989 ?	This will be a second stage in implementing the safety of the submarine .	0
What nuclear-powered Russian submarine sank in the Norwegian Sea on April 7 , 1989 ?	One of the appliances will stay at the bottom of the sea to register medium radiation for one year after the mission is over .	0
What nuclear-powered Russian submarine sank in the Norwegian Sea on April 7 , 1989 ?	The greatest potential danger relative to radiation in the ecological situation in the Norwegian Sea is posed by the two torpedoes each carrying 3,200 grams of plutonium 239 .	0
What nuclear-powered Russian submarine sank in the Norwegian Sea on April 7 , 1989 ?	The above being the case , the expedition 's purpose consists of sealing the submarine 's forward section , monitoring the environment for radiation leakage , and maintaining checks on the technical condition of the craft .	0
What nuclear-powered Russian submarine sank in the Norwegian Sea on April 7 , 1989 ?	According to the MChS leadership , the government of the Russian Federation is to provide all the funding .	0
What nuclear-powered Russian submarine sank in the Norwegian Sea on April 7 , 1989 ?	Repairs on the research vessel Akademik Keldysh were completed in Germany , the Mir units underwent repairs in Finland , and contracts began being concluded with Russian enterprises for deliveries of equipment .	0
What nuclear-powered Russian submarine sank in the Norwegian Sea on April 7 , 1989 ?	The CSUO was abolished on January 10 , 1994 , in connection with the establishment of the Russian Federation Ministry for Emergencies , and its functions were transferred to one of the new structure 's administrations .	0
What nuclear-powered Russian submarine sank in the Norwegian Sea on April 7 , 1989 ?	A radiation disaster in the Norwegian Sea is exceedingly probable .	0
What nuclear-powered Russian submarine sank in the Norwegian Sea on April 7 , 1989 ?	Meanwhile , a lack of interest in accelerating efforts to prevent it is being shown by not only the Russian Federation Ministry of Environmental Protection and Natural Resources , but also by the Ministry for Emergencies .	0
What nuclear-powered Russian submarine sank in the Norwegian Sea on April 7 , 1989 ?	In other words , the foundation has assumed the role of lobbyist for Dutch interests in matters relating to the Russian submarine .	0
What nuclear-powered Russian submarine sank in the Norwegian Sea on April 7 , 1989 ?	In the final analysis , in order to avert an environmental disaster , we could sacrifice the interests of Russian industrialists .	0
What nuclear-powered Russian submarine sank in the Norwegian Sea on April 7 , 1989 ?	In that case , it will no longer be possible to mount an expedition to the Norwegian Sea this season , and an environmental disaster will become almost inevitable .	0
What nuclear-powered Russian submarine sank in the Norwegian Sea on April 7 , 1989 ?	The section of the ocean where the submarine lies is one of the most productive , accounting for 80 percent of all fish taken from the Norwegian Sea .	0
What nuclear-powered Russian submarine sank in the Norwegian Sea on April 7 , 1989 ?	Considering that the half-life of plutonium is 24,000 years , the sea in that region will be closed to fishing for 600 to 700 years .	0
What nuclear-powered Russian submarine sank in the Norwegian Sea on April 7 , 1989 ?	The submarine has two torpedoes on board with nuclear warheads , and these fill specialists with the greatest apprehension , the deputy minister said .	0
What nuclear-powered Russian submarine sank in the Norwegian Sea on April 7 , 1989 ?	At the very same time Academician Vladimir Zuyev , department head at the Russian Academy of Sciences Institute of Oceanology , has sent a letter to the Russian president 's staff .	0
What nuclear-powered Russian submarine sank in the Norwegian Sea on April 7 , 1989 ?	First , the submarine lies off the coast of Norway , in Norway 's traditional fishing grounds .	0
What nuclear-powered Russian submarine sank in the Norwegian Sea on April 7 , 1989 ?	True , not all the specialists familiar with the situation on the submarine share the anxiety of Tengiz Borisov , his colleagues at the Institute of Oceanology , or other scientists and practical underwater workers .	0
What nuclear-powered Russian submarine sank in the Norwegian Sea on April 7 , 1989 ?	They can be moved by underwater currents any distance from the scene of the tragedy and thus end up , ultimately , in the food of someone living thousands of kilometers from the Norwegian Sea .	0
What nuclear-powered Russian submarine sank in the Norwegian Sea on April 7 , 1989 ?	A similar conclusion was reached by the Russian Security Council Interdepartmental Commission on Ecological Safety , which discussed this problem at the end of last year .	0
What nuclear-powered Russian submarine sank in the Norwegian Sea on April 7 , 1989 ?	Particularly as the Ministry for Emergency Situations , as Sergey Khetagurov declared , is ready and has plans to carry out the special expedition to seal the stricken submarine ?	0
What nuclear-powered Russian submarine sank in the Norwegian Sea on April 7 , 1989 ?	Ships with deep-water apparatus on board could be delayed from putting to sea because ecological expertise and money are lacking and all the necessary equipment has still to be prepared .	0
What nuclear-powered Russian submarine sank in the Norwegian Sea on April 7 , 1989 ?	There is an extremely great need today for a government program for the corrosion-proofing of the sunken submarine -- a program approved by the president and with powers to involve all the necessary organizations and structures in this operation .	0
Who is the voice of Miss Piggy ?	But here is who will actually direct `` Dreamgirls `` -- none other than Frank Oz , the voice of Miss Piggy on `` The Muppets . ''	1
Name a country that is developing a magnetic levitation railway system ?	The federal government 's decision of 8 December 1993 to implement the Berlin - Hamburg high-speed maglev railway cleared the way for the first application of maglev railway technology in Germany .	1
Name a country that is developing a magnetic levitation railway system ?	Germany 's 'whispering arrow ' , a 400kph -LRB- 250mph -RRB- levitating magnetic hovertrain , could be flying by the end of the decade , writes Christopher Parkes .	1
Name a country that is developing a magnetic levitation railway system ?	The Railway Technical Research Institute , a JR affiliate with national and local government support , is conducting the more ambitious of Japan 's two magnetic levitation -LRB- maglev -RRB- linear railway development projects .	1
Name a country that is developing a magnetic levitation railway system ?	A potentially worrying development for the European task force is the development by Germany of magnetic levitation technology whereby trains run on a magnetic cushion above a monorail .	1
Name a country that is developing a magnetic levitation railway system ?	The German government gave its approval two months ago for the world 's first commercial 'maglev ' train to run between Berlin and Hamburg at speeds of up to 250 mph .	1
Name a country that is developing a magnetic levitation railway system ?	The Transrapid will be the world 's first long-distance transport system propelled by magnetic levitation , a technology that Thyssen , the German conglomerate , has been developing .	1
Name a country that is developing a magnetic levitation railway system ?	On Wednesday , they rode West Germany 's magnetically levitated high-speed train .	1
Name a country that is developing a magnetic levitation railway system ?	-Capital costs are less than West German 's experimental magnetic-levitation train system .	1
Name a country that is developing a magnetic levitation railway system ?	Bechtel envisions using magnetic-levitation technology now being tested on a 20-mile track in West Germany .	1
Name a country that is developing a magnetic levitation railway system ?	German mark -LSB- DM -RSB- project overwhelmingly by private investment .	0
Name a country that is developing a magnetic levitation railway system ?	Krueger and Wissman spoke of a `` signal for Germany as a leading center of industry '' and of a sign of the country 's future viability .	0
Name a country that is developing a magnetic levitation railway system ?	Magnetic levitation was power-saving , quiet , and safe ; Germany , moreover , still had five to 10 years ' lead over the United States and Japan in this technology .	0
Name a country that is developing a magnetic levitation railway system ?	SPD -LSB- Social Democratic Party of Germany -RSB- industry spokesman Uwe Jens welcomed the project as well .	0
Name a country that is developing a magnetic levitation railway system ?	Technology and Transportation Representative for Germany As an Industrial Base .	0
Name a country that is developing a magnetic levitation railway system ?	It is at the same time proof of German industry 's innovation strength .	0
Name a country that is developing a magnetic levitation railway system ?	We -- my comrades -in- arms and I -- were then conscious of the awakening in a new era of railway technology in which Germany had played a leading role all along .	0
Name a country that is developing a magnetic levitation railway system ?	So , railway history has been written since 1984 in North Germany , between Lathen and Dorpen .	0
Name a country that is developing a magnetic levitation railway system ?	Its readiness for use was certified at the end of 1991 after comprehensive testing and assessment by the German Federal Railways and leading university institutes .	0
Name a country that is developing a magnetic levitation railway system ?	Only because of this is it possible now that a particularly attractive and environmentally compatible transportation system will open its service between the two largest German cities , Berlin and Hamburg , at the beginning of the new millennium .	0
Name a country that is developing a magnetic levitation railway system ?	With funds from all of the Japan Railways -LRB- JR -RRB- companies , surveys and tests were performed on the electromagnetic oscillation characteristics under a wide range of test conditions for superconducting magnets using electromagnetic oscillation test equipment .	0
Name a country that is developing a magnetic levitation railway system ?	The Shinkansen noise standard in Japan evaluates the peak value of the train during transit .	0
Name a country that is developing a magnetic levitation railway system ?	No safety standards concerning magnetic fields have been established in Japan .	0
Name a country that is developing a magnetic levitation railway system ?	Therefore it is doubtful whether the Bundesrat , in which the Social Democratic Party of Germany -LSB- SPD -RSB- has a majority , will vote for the planning law .	0
Name a country that is developing a magnetic levitation railway system ?	The construction of the magnetic link is to cost 8.9 billion German marks -LSB- DM -RSB- , with the federation contributing DM5.6 billion to the construction of the route .	0
Name a country that is developing a magnetic levitation railway system ?	The finished link is to be run on a private basis by the German Federal Railroad and Lufthansa , and is to be completed by 2005 .	0
Name a country that is developing a magnetic levitation railway system ?	German Railways and Bundeswehr Do Not Use DBP Telekom : Special Communications Networks Are a Specialty of Stuttgart 's Alcatel-SEL : New Railway System Is ISDN-Capable for Digital and Analog Connections	0
Name a country that is developing a magnetic levitation railway system ?	Instead of using the DBP Telekom system , power companies , the Bundeswehr , and the German Railways have their own communications systems .	0
Name a country that is developing a magnetic levitation railway system ?	The German military is especially ambitious .	0
Name a country that is developing a magnetic levitation railway system ?	The technology underlying the special networks is the Alcatel 1000 S12 System , which had been developed for public communications use and which is used in Germany and in many other countries of the world by DBP Telekom .	0
Name a country that is developing a magnetic levitation railway system ?	An actual contract is the new nationwide ISDN-network for the German Federal Railways -- the former State-run Bundesbahn and Reichsbahn .	0
Name a country that is developing a magnetic levitation railway system ?	The technology may be seen in the example of the German Railways system .	0
Name a country that is developing a magnetic levitation railway system ?	In future , the German Railways system could become of interest to the telephone companies .	0
Name a country that is developing a magnetic levitation railway system ?	For the German Railways , this will mean that its nationwide communications system could be opened up to private customers .	0
Name a country that is developing a magnetic levitation railway system ?	The German Railways ' new extensive system is entirely comparable to the Telekom system as far as extensive interconnections are concerned .	0
Name a country that is developing a magnetic levitation railway system ?	IF Japan has a national goal for the 1990s it is to bridge the gap between its First -World economy and Third-World standard of living by focusing massive investment on a woefully inadequate social infrastructure .	0
Name a country that is developing a magnetic levitation railway system ?	'The large projects may attract attention from the media and contractors , but in the end they are likely to be far less important to average Japanese . '	0
Name a country that is developing a magnetic levitation railway system ?	The Y1 , 430bn island terminal will be the cornerstone of the Kansai region 's efforts to draw business to Osaka , Kobe and Kyoto and will be Japan 's first 24-hour air terminal .	0
Name a country that is developing a magnetic levitation railway system ?	In Yokohama , the Y2 , 000bn Minato Mirai 21 project will house Japan 's tallest building , 75 stories high , on reclaimed land .	0
Name a country that is developing a magnetic levitation railway system ?	Japan 's quasi-public organisations are another source of heavy infrastructure spending .	0
Name a country that is developing a magnetic levitation railway system ?	For example , the Japan Railways -LRB- JR -RRB- group plans to extend its bullet train lines .	0
Name a country that is developing a magnetic levitation railway system ?	Japan 's now private telecoms giant Nippon Telegraph & Telephone is also planning an aggressive infrastructure enhancement programme in the 1990s .	0
Name a country that is developing a magnetic levitation railway system ?	High speed rail services have their origins in the Japanese bullet train or Shinkansen which first went into service between Tokyo and Osaka in 1964 .	0
Name a country that is developing a magnetic levitation railway system ?	It is France where high speed trains have made the biggest impact and where the most comprehensive network has been established although Germany , too , is creating an ambitious network of high speed services .	0
Name a country that is developing a magnetic levitation railway system ?	Germany began developing a high speed network of InterCity Express -LRB- ICE -RRB- trains in 1988 and now has three routes in service including a link with Berlin .	0
Name a country that is developing a magnetic levitation railway system ?	The government hopes that by 2004 a runway - similar to the present test track - will be built and that more than 14m passengers a year will be hurtling between Germany 's two biggest cities .	0
Name a country that is developing a magnetic levitation railway system ?	The Japanese are working on similar technology but opted in the early 1970s for an electrodynamic levitation system - where magnets repel rather than attract each other .	0
Name a country that is developing a magnetic levitation railway system ?	The different system also creates a 10cm gap , rather than 10mm , between the vehicle and the runway which the Japanese say is better suited to deal with earthquake risks .	0
Name a country that is developing a magnetic levitation railway system ?	The Transrapid technology creates magnetic fields of about 40 amps - no bigger than those created by an electric razor - while the Japanese have to grapple with big magnetic fields of up to 700,000 amps .	0
Name a country that is developing a magnetic levitation railway system ?	The French National Railroad , which wants to build and operate a similar rail line between Las Vegas and Anaheim , had found a way to top its competition , the West Germans .	0
Name a country that is developing a magnetic levitation railway system ?	Roth and eight other members of the 16 -person commission rode the French train in shifts Friday and Saturday as part of a 10-day `` technology tour '' aimed at examining the French and German competitors up close .	0
Name a country that is developing a magnetic levitation railway system ?	`` On the maglev I felt more secure , '' said Aram Keith , president of Costa Mesa -based Keith Engineering , referring to the German train .	0
Name a country that is developing a magnetic levitation railway system ?	The French train 's coaches are narrower than those used for the maglev vehicle in Germany but they are much heavier .	0
Name a country that is developing a magnetic levitation railway system ?	I think there is room for both the French and German technologies in America , '' she said .	0
Name a country that is developing a magnetic levitation railway system ?	French officials argue that their train has a proven record of carrying millions of passengers each year at a profit while the West Germans still have their maglev confined to a test track .	0
Name a country that is developing a magnetic levitation railway system ?	On Wednesday , the Federal Cabinet declared itself in favor of building the Transrapid magnetic levitation railway from Hamburg to Berlin on the basis of a new financing strategy submitted by industry .	0
Name a country that is developing a magnetic levitation railway system ?	Hamburg High-Speed Maglev Railway Limited Liability Company -RSB- , under the rubric `` Vistas '94 '' : `` ` Transrapid ' Has Now Made the Breakthrough to Worldwide Marketing .	0
Name a country that is developing a magnetic levitation railway system ?	For High-Speed Maglev Railway Head Hans G. Raschbichler Success Is Also an Indication of Engineers ' Forcefulness ''	0
Name a country that is developing a magnetic levitation railway system ?	With the government 's affirmative decision to build the Transrapid high-speed maglev railway , a decision was made that reaches far into the future in terms of transportation and environmental policy .	0
Name a country that is developing a magnetic levitation railway system ?	Hans Georg Raschbichler , chief managing executive of Berlin - Hamburg High-Speed Maglev Railway Limited Liability Company , takes this view in the following article .	0
Name a country that is developing a magnetic levitation railway system ?	His idea was to replace the railway 's wheels with electromagnets .	0
Name a country that is developing a magnetic levitation railway system ?	He knew that magnetic forces can assume the carrying and guiding functions of the wheel and track and thus enable no-contact levitation with high speeds and low noise generation .	0
Name a country that is developing a magnetic levitation railway system ?	The results of the high-capacity high-speed railway study completed in 1971 were so positive that the development work begun soon led to the first experimental vehicles having quite different designs .	0
Name a country that is developing a magnetic levitation railway system ?	As a young engineer , I began my work on the development of the high-speed maglev railway in the middle of the sixties .	0
Name a country that is developing a magnetic levitation railway system ?	In this design the motor is not located in the vehicle as usually , but in the railway .	0
Name a country that is developing a magnetic levitation railway system ?	It was decided to focus further work on the long-stator maglev railway technology .	0
Name a country that is developing a magnetic levitation railway system ?	The success in Hamburg was also decisive for the construction of the pilot system unique in the world for railway systems , the Emsland Transrapid Pilot System -LRB- TVE -RRB- .	0
Name a country that is developing a magnetic levitation railway system ?	The Transrapid high-speed maglev railway has proven its everyday usefulness in continuous service with a running capacity of more than 160,000 km and a world-record speed of 450 km/h .	0
Name a country that is developing a magnetic levitation railway system ?	Also a prerequisite for this is the plan -- which is no less innovative -- adopted by the federal government for the financing and private-sector operation of the Berlin - Hamburg high-speed maglev railway .	0
Name a country that is developing a magnetic levitation railway system ?	For example , the operating company that will operate the high-speed maglev railway will be privately financed for the first time .	0
Name a country that is developing a magnetic levitation railway system ?	Furthermore , the financing proposal also provides for a high degree of taking the burden off the federal government in financing of the railway .	0
Name a country that is developing a magnetic levitation railway system ?	It will prove strikingly the creativity and forcefulness of engineers , who with the high-speed maglev railway have also continued a part of the tradition showing them to be pioneers of progress .	0
Name a country that is developing a magnetic levitation railway system ?	Although over 25 years have passed since development began on superconducting magnetic levitation -LRB- maglev -RRB- rail systems , the steady stream of research results is at the verge of blossoming .	0
Name a country that is developing a magnetic levitation railway system ?	Before development began at the Railway Technical Research Institute , the MLU002 test vehicle was completed in March 1987 and began trial runs on the Miyazaki test track .	0
Name a country that is developing a magnetic levitation railway system ?	However , quench , the state where superconductivity is not maintained , occurred frequently in the superconducting magnet , the most important element in superconducting magnetic levitation .	0
Name a country that is developing a magnetic levitation railway system ?	-LRB- 2 -RRB- To achieve improved reliability of the superconducting magnets and low magnetic field leakage into the cars , the pole pitch of the superconducting magnets is shortened .	0
Name a country that is developing a magnetic levitation railway system ?	-LRB- 3 -RRB- In order to increase energy savings , the method used is sidewall levitation where the levitation coils are shaped like the number eight and have small magnetic repulsive force -LRB- magnetic resistive force -RRB- .	0
Name a country that is developing a magnetic levitation railway system ?	A large levitation force is obtained by using sidewall levitation .	0
Name a country that is developing a magnetic levitation railway system ?	As explained earlier , the most important issue in implementing a maglev railway is improving the stability and reliability of the superconducting magnets .	0
Name a country that is developing a magnetic levitation railway system ?	In particular , the mechanical strength of the epoxy resin that is the mold material for the sidewall levitation coils was carefully checked .	0
Name a country that is developing a magnetic levitation railway system ?	Similar to airplanes , cars in maglev railway travel are not in contact with anything when traveling in the high-speed region , therefore , the quality of the noise differs from that of railroads .	0
Name a country that is developing a magnetic levitation railway system ?	Experts have pointed out that the reason for the large power consumption in the running tests at the Miyazaki test track is a maglev railway is a transportation method with poor energy efficiency .	0
Name a country that is developing a magnetic levitation railway system ?	Since the ground facilities for a maglev railway use many drivers and controllers in the primary ground method , the cars can be much slimmer than conventional cars .	0
Name a country that is developing a magnetic levitation railway system ?	There is the impression that a maglev railway generates strong magnetic fields that harm the human body .	0
Name a country that is developing a magnetic levitation railway system ?	In fact , the effect of the magnetic fields generated by the superconducting magnets on the passengers and on people who live along the track is at the same level as the magnetic fields they normally live in .	0
Name a country that is developing a magnetic levitation railway system ?	Many electrical appliances like electric razors , hair dryers , televisions , and washing machines that everyone uses have magnetic fields .	0
Name a country that is developing a magnetic levitation railway system ?	The magnetic fields of medical treatment pads -LRB- 1,300 gauss -RRB- for stiff shoulders or magnetic necklaces are also close to the body .	0
Name a country that is developing a magnetic levitation railway system ?	Furthermore , the whole body is exposed to a maximum of 20,000 gauss -LRB- stationary magnetic field -RRB- in magnetic resonance imaging -LRB- MRI -RRB- equipment that is rapidly spreading in the medical field to image tomograms .	0
Name a country that is developing a magnetic levitation railway system ?	Of course , artificial precision devices such as heart pacemakers in the body and video cameras are sensitive to magnetic fields .	0
Name a country that is developing a magnetic levitation railway system ?	The development of the maglev railway is entering the stage where efforts will center on improving reliability and reducing costs in the move towards practical use .	0
Name a country that is developing a magnetic levitation railway system ?	The results may lead to a deeper understanding of most of the technical issues and the final evaluation of the maglev railway may become possible .	0
Name a country that is developing a magnetic levitation railway system ?	The ME concept is a program for using magnetic force to levitate and run a train above rails laid on land and in the ocean .	0
Name a country that is developing a magnetic levitation railway system ?	With the votes of the coalition , the Bundestag has passed a planning law for the magnetic levitation vehicle link .	0
Name a country that is developing a magnetic levitation railway system ?	It was necessary to pass this law to begin construction of the already agreed upon `` Transrapid `` magnetic levitation vehicle link between Hamburg and Berlin .	0
Name a country that is developing a magnetic levitation railway system ?	The construction of the first stretch of the magnetic levitation link is essential primarily to secure export chances of the technology involved .	0
Name a country that is developing a magnetic levitation railway system ?	On the other hand , the SPD criticized not just the magnetic link itself , but the planning methods used .	0
Name a country that is developing a magnetic levitation railway system ?	Military personnel and railway workers also have frequent recourse to the telephone .	0
Name a country that is developing a magnetic levitation railway system ?	In addition to the power companies -LRB- EVU -RRB- and the former Federal Railway System , the armed forces are also exempted from DBP Telekom 's telephone service monopoly .	0
Name a country that is developing a magnetic levitation railway system ?	The know-how gained by the Stuttgart workers in developing these systems is now becoming an export hit .	0
Name a country that is developing a magnetic levitation railway system ?	But from now on , the main concentration will be on people 's living standards , ' says theJapan Development Bank .	0
Name a country that is developing a magnetic levitation railway system ?	Private consortiums also are developing large commercial and residential ventures in the area .	0
Name a country that is developing a magnetic levitation railway system ?	HSST Corporation of Nagoya is separately promoting three schemes , including an inter-city maglev railway that would cruise at 186mph , a commuter version and a downtown people -mover .	0
Name a country that is developing a magnetic levitation railway system ?	Instead of conventional engines , the Transrapid is propelled by magnetic fields .	0
Name a country that is developing a magnetic levitation railway system ?	It has no wheels and rather than run on conventional railway tracks it clutches a concrete runway rather like the runner on a curtain rail .	0
Name a country that is developing a magnetic levitation railway system ?	The technology dates from the 1920s when Hermann Kemper , an electronic engineer who ran a meat packing business near the present 32km test site in Emsland , began poring over papers about the theory of magnetic levitation .	0
Name a country that is developing a magnetic levitation railway system ?	Conventional magnetic levitation works by using the repellant force of superconductive magnets of opposite polarities .	0
Name a country that is developing a magnetic levitation railway system ?	In the Transrapid , propulsion comes from the force of magnetic attraction .	0
Name a country that is developing a magnetic levitation railway system ?	By passing electrical current through a stator pack , the stationary part of an electric motor which is laid out on the underside of a concrete runway , a wandering magnetic field is created .	0
Name a country that is developing a magnetic levitation railway system ?	This magnetic field - called wandering because it moves down the runway - is attracted or excited by levitation magnets mounted on the underside of the Transrapid , so propelling the vehicle forward .	0
Name a country that is developing a magnetic levitation railway system ?	Because the Transrapid glides above a concrete runway it does not need to overcome the resistance between track and wheels which traditional railway technology still has to grapple with .	0
Name a country that is developing a magnetic levitation railway system ?	Magnetic-levitation systems use a magnetic field to propel trains forward and to elevate them one to four inches above an elevated guideway .	0
Name the first private citizen to fly in space .	Among them was Christa McAuliffe , the first private citizen to fly in space .	1
Name the first private citizen to fly in space .	Karen Allen heads the cast as schoolteacher Christa McAuliffe .	0
Name the first private citizen to fly in space .	Karen Allen , best known for her starring role in `` Raiders of the Lost Ark , '' plays McAuliffe .	0
Name the first private citizen to fly in space .	But Allen was eventually won over because of McAuliffe , the high school teacher and mother from Concord , New Hampshire .	0
Name the first private citizen to fly in space .	In preparation , Allen spent hours watching and re-watching videos of McAuliffe .	0
Name the first private citizen to fly in space .	By studying the tapes , Allen said , she was able to capture McAuliffe 's `` rhythm '' -- how she walked , talked , stood and even how she held her head .	0
Name the first private citizen to fly in space .	By the time Allen arrived at NASA 's Johnson Space Center in Houston last summer to shoot `` Challenger , '' the actress felt a kinship to McAuliffe .	0
Name the first private citizen to fly in space .	At NASA , Allen worked alongside the same people who knew and worked with McAuliffe .	0
Name the first private citizen to fly in space .	Allen went through a lot of the same training McAuliffe did , including a pilot training course so she could obtain a special license to fly in the KC-135-the plane that simulates weightlessness .	0
What is the longest river in the United States ?	It takes just one blow of a steamboat whistle on the quay at New Orleans to find yourself transported into the storybook past of the Mississippi paddleboats .	0
What is the longest river in the United States ?	In Life on the Mississippi , Mark Twain wrote that it was every boy 's ambition to be a steamboat man .	0
What is the longest river in the United States ?	Some people prefer the Mississippi Queen with such modern amenities as cinema and pool .	0
What is the longest river in the United States ?	The scenery on the 682-mile round trip from New Orleans to Vicksburg , on the lower Mississippi , is disappointing .	0
What is the longest river in the United States ?	TS Eliot called the Mississippi 'a great brown god ' , and it captivates quickly .	0
What is the longest river in the United States ?	During the civil war it was a Confederate stronghold defending the whole of the lower Mississippi .	0
What is the longest river in the United States ?	These , as long as five football fields , tend to take up the whole river as they round bends .	0
What is the longest river in the United States ?	There is so much traffic that the Delta Queen 's jovial Captain John Davitt compares the river to 'driving on an interstate highway ' .	0
What is the longest river in the United States ?	Avoiding these obstacles , and the barges , requires great skill from the river pilots who drive the steamboats .	0
What does El Nino mean in spanish ?	This helps explain why Peruvian fishermen dubbed the phenomenon El Nino , which means Christ child in Spanish .	1
What does El Nino mean in spanish ?	It was named El Nino , Spanish for boy child , by fishermen off Peru who noticed an increase in water temperature followed by torrential rain .	1
What does El Nino mean in spanish ?	Grain traders are keen to know if they can expect this year 's El Nino to disturb the US weather pattern sufficiently to make a dent in crop output .	0
What does El Nino mean in spanish ?	Although signs of El Nino had been accumulating during 1991 , only last month did the the US National Weather Service finally conclude publicly that the phenomenon was a fact .	0
What does El Nino mean in spanish ?	While many of these conditions indicate that El Nino is occurring , they do not reveal its severity .	0
What does El Nino mean in spanish ?	Mr Vernon Kousky , a research meteorologist with the US weather service , now assesses the current El Nino as 'moderate to strong ' .	0
What does El Nino mean in spanish ?	While individual weather events can not always be directly attributed to El Nino , some signals are indicative of its strength .	0
What does El Nino mean in spanish ?	Mr Kousky says that El Nino , usually a 12 to 18 month event , has another six to 12 months to run .	0
What does El Nino mean in spanish ?	But he points out that there is no consistent relationship between El Nino and the weather pattern beyond the winter-to-spring months .	0
What does El Nino mean in spanish ?	These additional factors along with El Nino probably mean that a more extreme weather pattern bleeds over into summer , according to Mr Kevin Marcus , director of Crop Cast services .	0
What does El Nino mean in spanish ?	He is still waiting for more data on the severity of this year 's El Nino .	0
What does El Nino mean in spanish ?	In 1972-73 the El Nino destroyed the Peruvian fishmeal catch , which then accounted for some 45 per cent of the world trade in protein feed .	0
What does El Nino mean in spanish ?	El Nino , a weather phenomenon first detected by Peruvian fishermen at the turn of the century , could leave much of rural Australia praying for rain next year , weather forecasters said Friday .	0
What does El Nino mean in spanish ?	El Nino may bring drought conditions to eastern Australia , where farmers are suffering from falling commodity prices and high interest rates , they said .	0
Who came up with the name , El Nino ?	This helps explain why Peruvian fishermen dubbed the phenomenon El Nino , which means Christ child in Spanish .	1
Who came up with the name , El Nino ?	El Nino , a weather phenomenon first detected by Peruvian fishermen at the turn of the century , could leave much of rural Australia praying for rain next year , weather forecasters said Friday .	1
Who came up with the name , El Nino ?	It was named El Nino , Spanish for boy child , by fishermen off Peru who noticed an increase in water temperature followed by torrential rain .	1
Who came up with the name , El Nino ?	Grain traders are keen to know if they can expect this year 's El Nino to disturb the US weather pattern sufficiently to make a dent in crop output .	0
Who came up with the name , El Nino ?	Although signs of El Nino had been accumulating during 1991 , only last month did the the US National Weather Service finally conclude publicly that the phenomenon was a fact .	0
Who came up with the name , El Nino ?	While many of these conditions indicate that El Nino is occurring , they do not reveal its severity .	0
Who came up with the name , El Nino ?	Mr Vernon Kousky , a research meteorologist with the US weather service , now assesses the current El Nino as 'moderate to strong ' .	0
Who came up with the name , El Nino ?	While individual weather events can not always be directly attributed to El Nino , some signals are indicative of its strength .	0
Who came up with the name , El Nino ?	Mr Kousky says that El Nino , usually a 12 to 18 month event , has another six to 12 months to run .	0
Who came up with the name , El Nino ?	But he points out that there is no consistent relationship between El Nino and the weather pattern beyond the winter-to-spring months .	0
Who came up with the name , El Nino ?	These additional factors along with El Nino probably mean that a more extreme weather pattern bleeds over into summer , according to Mr Kevin Marcus , director of Crop Cast services .	0
Who came up with the name , El Nino ?	He is still waiting for more data on the severity of this year 's El Nino .	0
Who came up with the name , El Nino ?	In 1972-73 the El Nino destroyed the Peruvian fishmeal catch , which then accounted for some 45 per cent of the world trade in protein feed .	0
Who came up with the name , El Nino ?	El Nino may bring drought conditions to eastern Australia , where farmers are suffering from falling commodity prices and high interest rates , they said .	0
How many lives were lost in the China Airlines ' crash in Nagoya , Japan ?	The crash , the worst in China Airlines ' history , killed 264 of the 271 passengers and crew aboard the plane .	1
How many lives were lost in the China Airlines ' crash in Nagoya , Japan ?	Officials said 261 people died and 10 survived when the Airbus A300-600R plunged headlong into the grass to the right of the runway at Nagoya Airport and burst into flames .	1
How many lives were lost in the China Airlines ' crash in Nagoya , Japan ?	Taiwan has launched an overall examination of its aviation security after a CAL Airbus A300-600R exploded and disintegrated as it tried to land at Japan 's Nagoya Airport on April 26 , killing 264 people .	1
How many lives were lost in the China Airlines ' crash in Nagoya , Japan ?	The cause of the accident , the second worst in world aviation history , with 264 of the 271 passengers and crew on board killed , remains under investigation .	0
How many lives were lost in the China Airlines ' crash in Nagoya , Japan ?	Fu Chun - fan , new president of China Airlines -LRB- CAL -RRB- , said Thursday -LSB- 2 Jun -RSB- that CAL will stress air safety following the CAL plane crash in Japan in April .	0
How many lives were lost in the China Airlines ' crash in Nagoya , Japan ?	Chiang , 68 , said that his top priority will be to deal with the aftermath of the Nagoya plane crash and to step up air safety .	0
How many lives were lost in the China Airlines ' crash in Nagoya , Japan ?	Li also said the government will take some disciplinary measures against China Airlines in connection with the Tuesday crash .	0
How many lives were lost in the China Airlines ' crash in Nagoya , Japan ?	All but eight of the aircraft 's 271 passengers and crew , mostly Japanese and Taiwanese , were killed in the crash of the Airbus A300- 600R , arriving in Nagoya from Taipei .	0
How many lives were lost in the China Airlines ' crash in Nagoya , Japan ?	It was the fifth China Airlines crash since 1986 and the 11th since 1969 , giving the airline a significantly higher ratio of crashes per flight hours than the world average .	0
How many lives were lost in the China Airlines ' crash in Nagoya , Japan ?	Meanwhile , compensation for the crash is turning out to be a thorny issue for CAL .	0
How many lives were lost in the China Airlines ' crash in Nagoya , Japan ?	Sun submitted his resignation in the wake of the April 26 China Airlines ' Airbus crash at Nagoya , Japan .	0
How many lives were lost in the China Airlines ' crash in Nagoya , Japan ?	A China Airlines aircraft bound from Taipei in Taiwan to Nagoya in western Japan crashed and exploded yesterday in Japan 's second worst airline disaster .	0
How many lives were lost in the China Airlines ' crash in Nagoya , Japan ?	Taiwan 's China Airlines -LRB- CAL -RRB- , under pressure about safety after its worst crash , has banned its pilots from playing mahjong while abroad after they were criticised for living decadent lives , say airline officials .	0
In what year did Joe DiMaggio compile his 56-game hitting streak ?	But there is one valid parallel -- DiMaggio , like Antley , did n't just coast along in 1941 .	0
In what year did Joe DiMaggio compile his 56-game hitting streak ?	One day , though , someone ran a different notion by Dom : A book about 1941 .	0
In what year did Joe DiMaggio compile his 56-game hitting streak ?	If ever the major leagues had a magical , almost mythic year , it was 1941 .	0
In what year did Joe DiMaggio compile his 56-game hitting streak ?	Two months after the 1941 World Series , the Japanese planes attacked Pearl Harbor .	0
In what year did Joe DiMaggio compile his 56-game hitting streak ?	For a year that had begun so pleasantly , with Dom DiMaggio driving his new Packard cross-country to spring camp , 1941 took increasingly dramatic turns with every page of the calendar .	0
In what year did Joe DiMaggio compile his 56-game hitting streak ?	`` The more I thought about it , the more memories of 1941 came flooding back to me .	0
In what year did Joe DiMaggio compile his 56-game hitting streak ?	`` Still want the book about 1941 ? '' he asked .	0
In what year did Joe DiMaggio compile his 56-game hitting streak ?	Dom can still recall the dinner he had with his older brother in 1941 , after they played on opposite sides when the Boston Red Sox came to Yankee Stadium .	0
In what year did Joe DiMaggio compile his 56-game hitting streak ?	He did , however , go to see old friends such as Williams , Owen , Tommy Henrich , Ken Keltner and others , to jot down their recollections of 1941 .	0
In what year did Joe DiMaggio compile his 56-game hitting streak ?	`` When I hit 56 , I thought I might meet Joe DiMaggio , '' Antley said .	0
In what year did Joe DiMaggio compile his 56-game hitting streak ?	Born about 15 years after the Yankee Clipper 's career ended , Antley thought that DiMaggio was a long-ago jockey until the ballplayer was identified to him a few weeks ago .	0
In what year did Joe DiMaggio compile his 56-game hitting streak ?	Dom DiMaggio , like his brother , likes his privacy .	0
In what year did Joe DiMaggio compile his 56-game hitting streak ?	`` They wanted something about Joe . ''	0
In what year did Joe DiMaggio compile his 56-game hitting streak ?	There was Joe DiMaggio 's 56 -game hitting streak .	0
In what year did Joe DiMaggio compile his 56-game hitting streak ?	He was a DiMaggio , all right .	0
In what year did Joe DiMaggio compile his 56-game hitting streak ?	In the field , he played shallow and daringly , the way Tris Speaker had before him or Paul Blair did later .	0
In what year did Joe DiMaggio compile his 56-game hitting streak ?	Joe asked .	0
In what year did Joe DiMaggio compile his 56-game hitting streak ?	`` Well , you might want to back up a few steps , '' Joe said .	0
In what year did Joe DiMaggio compile his 56-game hitting streak ?	`` That 's the last time I give you advice , '' Joe said .	0
In what year did Joe DiMaggio compile his 56-game hitting streak ?	For the book , Dom DiMaggio sought no advice , did not disturb his brother .	0
In what year did Joe DiMaggio compile his 56-game hitting streak ?	Huge contracts and rewards are just part of the changing game to DiMaggio , who detects a brashness in today 's players that did not exist in his day .	0
In what year did Joe DiMaggio compile his 56-game hitting streak ?	For Dom DiMaggio , there is pride in the fact that he batted .298	0
In what year did Joe DiMaggio compile his 56-game hitting streak ?	During part of DiMaggio 's career , sacrifice flies counted as official at-bats .	0
In what year did Joe DiMaggio compile his 56-game hitting streak ?	DiMaggio said : `` No , I 'd have needed a few more hits for .300 . ''	0
When did the original Howdy Doody show go off the air ?	The original show ran 1947 to 1960 on NBC , then was syndicated briefly in 1976 .	1
When did the original Howdy Doody show go off the air ?	If NBC is successful , the old `` Howdy Doody Show `` will be resurrected -- with David Letterman involved .	0
When did the original Howdy Doody show go off the air ?	`` We have had several conversations with David Letterman and his production staff about doing a new version of 'Howdy Doody ' for Saturday mornings , '' Tartikoff says .	0
When did the original Howdy Doody show go off the air ?	If Letterman agrees , the network is considering the show for fall , 1991 .	0
When did the original Howdy Doody show go off the air ?	The proposed `` Howdy Doody `` revival is part of Tartikoff 's plan to beef up Saturday mornings at a time when network cartoon programs are steadily losing viewers to offerings from cable and independent stations .	0
Where is the Taj Mahal ?	The Uzbekistan , the land of the builders of India 's historic Taj Mahal , offers a very lucrative mosaic of opportunities to Indian entrepreneurs , businessmen , and industrialists .	1
Where is the Taj Mahal ?	The UNESCO list of more than 360 sites throughout the world includes the Great Barrier Reef in Australia , the Taj Mahal in India , Chartres Cathedral in France , and Serengeti National Park in Tanzania .	1
Where is the Taj Mahal ?	And of course , India has the Taj Mahal .	1
Where is the Taj Mahal ?	Seven people died and 50 were reported missing because a low-caste 15-year-old bridegroom from India 's Taj Mahal town of Agra wanted to ride to his wedding on horseback , a local member of Parliament said today .	1
Where is the Taj Mahal ?	As the world knows , the Taj Mahal was built as a tomb by the Mogul emperor Shah Jahan in Agra on the banks of the Jamuna River after the demise of his favorite wife , Mumtaz Mahal .	1
Where is the Taj Mahal ?	The Taj Mahal city of Agra has become a virtual ghost town after at least 11 people were killed there in the Hindu - Muslim violence gripping India .	1
Where is the Taj Mahal ?	The official appeared to be referring to fears that Hindu extremists might make a target of the Taj Mahal , one of the few popular destinations left for tourists visiting India .	1
Where is the Taj Mahal ?	Ties between India and Uzbekistan , which date back to ancient years , -LSB- break in reception lasting several seconds -RSB- the visit of the Uzbek president , Mr. Islam A. Karimov .	0
Where is the Taj Mahal ?	Besides strengthening cooperation in economic areas , the two countries can launch a joint offensive against fundamentalism and extremism with India playing a greater role in Central Asian region in political fields as well .	0
Where is the Taj Mahal ?	India has a special relationship with the countries of the region when Europeans and other countries are to get a foothold .	0
Where is the Taj Mahal ?	India had recently extended a credit of $ 10 million for setting up projects with Indian know-how and entrepreneurial participation in Uzbekistan .	0
Where is the Taj Mahal ?	Uzbek personnel are being trained in India in disciplines such as diplomacy , banking , management and mass communication .	0
Where is the Taj Mahal ?	India 's -LRB- Thapar Group -RRB- is also to set up a cotton yarn plant in Uzbekistan .	0
Where is the Taj Mahal ?	This visit is likely to open a new era in India - Uzbekistan links with this Central Asian country creating conditions for mutually beneficial cooperation and encouraging ties with foreign companies , firms and financial institutions .	0
Where is the Taj Mahal ?	Fewer Siberian cranes are migrating to their favorite wintering ground in the marshes of western India , and some bird watchers fear that they are being shot down over Afghanistan .	0
Where is the Taj Mahal ?	Ornithologists know little about the red-beaked white birds that fly more than 3,100 miles in about one month from their breeding ground in the tundras of western Siberia to Bharatpur in Rajasthan state in western India .	0
Where is the Taj Mahal ?	Prakash Gole , head of the Ecological Society based in Poona , India , agreed with Harris that Siberian cranes may have been killed in Afghanistan .	0
Where is the Taj Mahal ?	The freshwater wasteland at Bharatpur , about 30 miles west of the Taj Mahal in Agra , was declared a shooting preserve for local maharajahs and British colonial rulers in 1902 .	0
Where is the Taj Mahal ?	S. K. Lambah , consul general for India , dipping into the shiny concoction .	0
Where is the Taj Mahal ?	`` We are an ancient country , '' he said , standing between flags of India and the United States .	0
Where is the Taj Mahal ?	In a light vein , I would say the United States and India are two countries separated by the same political system . ''	0
Where is the Taj Mahal ?	The United States is India 's largest trading partner .	0
Where is the Taj Mahal ?	India was the 10th country in the world to become industrialized .	0
Where is the Taj Mahal ?	After the United States and the Soviet Union , India is the world 's largest resource for technological manpower .	0
Where is the Taj Mahal ?	`` The real Taj Mahal was built to symbolize a man 's enduring love for his wife , '' said Lambah 's guest , Devender Singh of the India Embassy in Washington .	0
Where is the Taj Mahal ?	The Taj Mahal is on the market , but it 's not the one in Agra , India .	0
Where is the Taj Mahal ?	He has taken a trip around the world to ease his broken heart and she asks him if he saw a sacred elephant in India .	0
Where is the Taj Mahal ?	This replica was made by an Agra jeweler .	0
Where is the Taj Mahal ?	Part of Pal 's thesis is that nobody thought the building was such a big deal until the British moved into India .	0
Where is the Taj Mahal ?	But no big-name European artist was ever magnetized to India in the way Morocco attracted Delacroix or the South Seas seduced Gauguin .	0
Where is the Taj Mahal ?	Officials describe the violence as among the worst since India gained independence 43 years ago .	0
Where is the Taj Mahal ?	In Agra , also in Uttar Pradesh , police spokesman M. P. Solanki said Monday that at least 11 people have been killed and 28 injured in Hindu - Muslim clashes since Friday .	0
Where is the Taj Mahal ?	An indefinite curfew and heavy security kept most people off Agra 's streets , and nearly every shop was boarded up .	0
Where is the Taj Mahal ?	They say Muslim invaders razed a temple on Lord Rama 's birthplace in 1528 to build a monument to the Islamic conquest of India .	0
Where is the Taj Mahal ?	It is time for Indian businessmen to give up inhibitions and invest in this former Soviet republic known for gas deposits , coal reserves , non-ferrous metals and gold .	0
Where is the Taj Mahal ?	The changed global scenario definitely demands Indian businessmen to break the barrier and tap the available opportunities in the land where people also love Indian films and adore Raj Kapoor , the doyen of Indian cinema .	0
Where is the Taj Mahal ?	As Mr. Karimov put it after his arrival in New Delhi on Monday , he would not like Indian businessmen to be left behind .	0
Where is the Taj Mahal ?	During his meeting with the Indian president , Dr. Shankar Dayal Sharma , the Uzbek president said that the disintegration of the Soviet Union had created a vacuum in Central Asian region .	0
Where is the Taj Mahal ?	The Uzbek president earlier held formal talks with the Indian prime minister , Mr. P.V .	0
Where is the Taj Mahal ?	Narasimha Rao , and discussed bilateral issues with several Indian ministers .	0
Where is the Taj Mahal ?	Indian wildlife officials and environmentalists agree with Jim Harris , an ornithologist with the International Crane Foundation based in Baraboo , Wis. , that the birds may be falling victim to gunners in Afghanistan 's war .	0
Where is the Taj Mahal ?	A Soviet scientist rejected that theory , and other Indian officials said recurring drought in Bharatpur may be contributing to the declining number of arrivals at the sanctuary .	0
Where is the Taj Mahal ?	Singh 's one-day tours cost $ 100 for a Western tour group and $ 7.35 each for Indian groups .	0
Where is the Taj Mahal ?	About 100 guests came -LRB- at an ultra-reasonable $ 35 each -RRB- to dabble in Indian food , raise money for the Protocol Foundation and listen to Lambah talk about his country .	0
Where is the Taj Mahal ?	It 's a houseboat that looks like a floating Taj , and is the weekend home of Deborah and William Harlan .	0
Where is the Taj Mahal ?	The 4 , 500-square-foot houseboat has two domes , instead of one like the Indian landmark , but the cut-out fascia above its entrance was copied from a portal of the original Taj .	0
Where is the Taj Mahal ?	That elephant was surely the Taj .	0
Where is the Taj Mahal ?	The exhibition -LRB- through March 11 -RRB- is the brainchild of LACMA 's super- smart senior curator of Indian and Southeast Asian art , Pratapaditya Pal .	0
Where is the Taj Mahal ?	The closest we get to the Taj is through a large model that acts as the exhibition frontispiece .	0
Where is the Taj Mahal ?	In 1939 , it came to the New York World 's Fair and was later picked up by an Indian expatriate who used it as the centerpiece for his restaurant in Florida .	0
Where is the Taj Mahal ?	Pal 's catalogue introduction concentrates amusingly on modern commercial exploitation such as an advertisement that shows a splendid view of the Taj mirrored in its famous reflecting pool .	0
Where is the Taj Mahal ?	The curator has donnish fun pointing out other examples , such as the rock-blues musician who took `` Taj Mahal `` as his nom de microphone .	0
Where is the Taj Mahal ?	Now his friends say , `` Hi , Taj `` and headwaiters greet him solemnly as `` Mr. Mahal . ''	0
Where is the Taj Mahal ?	The catalogue 's final section is devoted to representations of the Taj mainly by later Europeans .	0
Where is the Taj Mahal ?	He wonders out loud whether the romance of the Taj is not largely a Western rather than an Indian phenomenon .	0
Where is the Taj Mahal ?	The section proves the point , but in a funny way , because no really substantial Western artist ever messed into the place except Rembrandt , who collected Indian miniatures at a distance .	0
Where is the Taj Mahal ?	One is inclined to see the mystification of the Taj as part of the 19th-Century Romantics ' passion for the exotic .	0
Where is the Taj Mahal ?	The section fizzles slightly on account of this but underlines the Taj 's charm as being probably as much a popular as an aesthetic phenomenon .	0
Where is the Taj Mahal ?	When we set the comparatively clunky Euro - American art next to the ethereal delicacy of original Mogul , one thing is certain : We may love the Taj , but we got her wrong .	0
Where is the Taj Mahal ?	When a respected old man is caught en flagrante in bed with a young boy , the shock and humiliation of it are muffled into a rather kindly prank .	0
Where is the Taj Mahal ?	It is a pity to have so little architecture in a show about the Taj Mahal .	0
Where is the Taj Mahal ?	Indian visitors from philosophers to plebes have remarked on how the Taj seems weightless and otherworldly .	0
Where is the Taj Mahal ?	Soldiers , paramilitary units and police patrolled the streets and stood guard around the Taj Mahal , closed since the fighting broke out .	0
Where is the Taj Mahal ?	The huge wooden gates were shut , and an official said it was too dangerous to allow anyone inside the Taj Mahal , built by the Muslim ruler Shah Jehan in memory of his wife .	0
Who leads the star ship Enterprise in Star Trek ?	The star ship Enterprise in Star Trek , the television series creation of Gene Roddenberry , is led by Captain Kirk , the upper right-sided visionary who relies heavily on Spock , his upper left-sided second in command .	1
Who leads the star ship Enterprise in Star Trek ?	In nearly every episode , Captain James Kirk proved his manhood by fighting with some unpleasant alien species -LRB- surrogates for the evil Soviet empire -RRB- and falling in love with a beautiful blonde guest star .	0
Who leads the star ship Enterprise in Star Trek ?	The cerebral Captain Jean-Luc Picard has superseded tough- guy Kirk .	0
Who leads the star ship Enterprise in Star Trek ?	In 1967 , a 13-year-old actor named Craig Hundley was cast as Captain Kirk 's nephew in an episode of television 's `` Star Trek . ''	0
Who leads the star ship Enterprise in Star Trek ?	TV thus leads children to seek 'quick fixes ' , to want things but not to see they must work for them .	0
Who leads the star ship Enterprise in Star Trek ?	The producers of the popular series Star Trek , to take one example , appear quite responsible .	0
Who leads the star ship Enterprise in Star Trek ?	Back in the late 1960s , the starship Enterprise was run almost exclusively by white males -LRB- there was a token black female communications officer and an Asian helmsman -RRB- and toured the universe seemingly looking for trouble .	0
Who leads the star ship Enterprise in Star Trek ?	Star Trek : the Next Generation -LRB- the 1980s ' relaunch of the series -RRB- shows distinct signs of progress .	0
Who leads the star ship Enterprise in Star Trek ?	Women play a more active role and are no longer treated as mere sex objects ; the ship 's doctor and security officer , for example , are both female .	0
Who leads the star ship Enterprise in Star Trek ?	As in the first series , the Enterprise is subject to the 'prime directive ' - essentially a code of non-interference .	0
Who leads the star ship Enterprise in Star Trek ?	This year a third series - Star Trek : Deep Space Nine - has hit the nation 's screens .	0
Who leads the star ship Enterprise in Star Trek ?	As in previous incarnations of Star Trek , each episode includes plenty of sanitised violence .	0
Who leads the star ship Enterprise in Star Trek ?	He also worked on the synthesizer programming for parts of `` Star Trek II `` and was involved with the movie series through `` Star Trek V. ``	0
Who leads the star ship Enterprise in Star Trek ?	Enterprise .	0
Who leads the star ship Enterprise in Star Trek ?	One of his more celebrated inventions , heard during those weird interludes in `` Star Trek `` movies , is the Blaster Beam .	0
Who leads the star ship Enterprise in Star Trek ?	Shatner says that compared to the other `` Star Trek `` movies , `` this picture is rougher and louder and faster -- there 's more of an energy permeating the film . ''	0
What cancer is commonly associated with AIDS ?	He was diagnosed as having Kaposi 's sarcoma , an AIDS-related cancer , in February , 1988 , according to his attorney , Timothy R. Pestotnik .	1
What cancer is commonly associated with AIDS ?	After developing early symptoms in the fall of 1988 , Beazlie became ill in July of last year with Kaposi 's sarcoma , a rare skin cancer associated with AIDS .	1
In which year was New Zealand excluded from the ANZUS alliance ?	Since 1985 New Zealand has been excluded from the Anzus -LRB- Australia , New Zealand and US -RRB- defence pact because of its anti-nuclear policies .	1
In which year was New Zealand excluded from the ANZUS alliance ?	New Zealand adopted anti-nuclear laws in 1985 which the U.S. says prevents their ships coming here and has resulted in Wellington being frozen out of the Anzus -LRB- Australia , New Zealand and U.S. -RRB- Pact .	1
In which year was New Zealand excluded from the ANZUS alliance ?	Political differences became intense in the mid-1980s , over defence , highlighted by New Zealand 's withdrawal from ANZUS , the pact with Australia and the US .	1
In which year was New Zealand excluded from the ANZUS alliance ?	The United States has effectively suspended New Zealand from the alliance since 1985 , after Wellington banned visits by ships carrying nuclear weapons .	1
In which year was New Zealand excluded from the ANZUS alliance ?	The United States in 1986 cut high-level contacts with New Zealand and dropped the country from the ANZUS military alliance , which also includes Australia .	1
In which year was New Zealand excluded from the ANZUS alliance ?	It was a U.S. decision to withdraw high-level military contacts with New Zealand following introduction of the nuclear policy in 1986 .	0
In which year was New Zealand excluded from the ANZUS alliance ?	Graham said it was now unlikely the Anzus alliance could be restored and he pointed out that traditional alliances carried risks of dragging unwilling partners into conflicts anyway .	0
In which year was New Zealand excluded from the ANZUS alliance ?	New Zealand could not afford to defend itself alone against sophisticated modern weaponry .	0
In which year was New Zealand excluded from the ANZUS alliance ?	New Zealand faced three choices .	0
In which year was New Zealand excluded from the ANZUS alliance ?	New Zealand will maintain its ban on nuclear-powered and -armed ships from its ports , despite high-level U.S. urging for a change of policy , Prime Minister Jim Bolger said Wednesday .	0
In which year was New Zealand excluded from the ANZUS alliance ?	He told Radio N @ w Zealand a change in the ban was `` not an agenda item '' .	0
In which year was New Zealand excluded from the ANZUS alliance ?	After meeting with Bolger he urged New Zealand to re-think its anti-nuclear stance and consider the benefits of resuming full military ties .	0
In which year was New Zealand excluded from the ANZUS alliance ?	New Zealand hoped the U.S. would reflect on that decision and there would be a greater degree of cooperation in future .	0
In which year was New Zealand excluded from the ANZUS alliance ?	Although a New Zealand government commissioned study had found nuclear propulsion was safe , the public was not willing to accept such ships .	0
In which year was New Zealand excluded from the ANZUS alliance ?	He was `` quite comfortable '' with New Zealand 's current policy .	0
In which year was New Zealand excluded from the ANZUS alliance ?	New Zealanders had told the United States they wanted to work along their own route .	0
In which year was New Zealand excluded from the ANZUS alliance ?	`` That 's been a little difficult for some people but that 's where the New Zealand public is .	0
In which year was New Zealand excluded from the ANZUS alliance ?	And as I say it 's not an agenda item in New Zealand at the present time , '' he said .	0
In which year was New Zealand excluded from the ANZUS alliance ?	New Zealand had a close defence relationship with Australia and had worked in a peacekeeping role with the U.S. in theatres of conflict like the Gulf War and Bosnia .	0
In which year was New Zealand excluded from the ANZUS alliance ?	New Zealand defence forces were becoming increasingly involved with peacekeeping of a higher risk than in the past .	0
In which year was New Zealand excluded from the ANZUS alliance ?	`` I think New Zealanders would accept that and say that 's the defence responsibility New Zealand can and should take up , '' he said .	0
In which year was New Zealand excluded from the ANZUS alliance ?	Recent trading successes , and indications of political goodwill , appear to be breaking down the often intense and historic rivalry between New Zealand and its resource-rich neighbour Australia .	0
In which year was New Zealand excluded from the ANZUS alliance ?	Australians are showing increasing interest in the economic reform programme in New Zealand , although it is acknowledged that political realities make it unlikely that some of the tax and labour regulations will find their way into law there .	0
In which year was New Zealand excluded from the ANZUS alliance ?	Signed in 1982 , CER has been of immense importance to New Zealand .	0
In which year was New Zealand excluded from the ANZUS alliance ?	New Zealanders are pressing Australia to further develop the agreement and move towards a fuller integration of the two economies .	0
In which year was New Zealand excluded from the ANZUS alliance ?	The agreement has allowed Air New Zealand to establish a 'hub ' in Brisbane , to service the Asian market .	0
In which year was New Zealand excluded from the ANZUS alliance ?	However , Australians have been slow to use the 'beyond rights ' that they gained to New Zealand in the reciprocal aviation deal .	0
In which year was New Zealand excluded from the ANZUS alliance ?	New Zealand is anxious to see Ansett flying the Tasman Sea between the two countries .	0
In which year was New Zealand excluded from the ANZUS alliance ?	New Zealand manufacturers operate in a largely tariff-free environment , and can buy raw materials , such as plastic , cheaply on the world market .	0
In which year was New Zealand excluded from the ANZUS alliance ?	This situation appears to benefit New Zealand manufacturers in selling to Australia , as it keeps up the price of Australian inputs .	0
In which year was New Zealand excluded from the ANZUS alliance ?	Rowland Crone , president of the New Zealand Manufacturers ' Federation , says action on these issues is a priority and would further strengthen CER trade and economic ties .	0
In which year was New Zealand excluded from the ANZUS alliance ?	New Zealand officials are also keen to see freer trade between the two blocs .	0
In which year was New Zealand excluded from the ANZUS alliance ?	However , Mr Crone argues that to compete equably with the dynamic Asean countries , New Zealand and Australia must settle the remaining outstanding issues between them over CER .	0
In which year was New Zealand excluded from the ANZUS alliance ?	Since last year , relations have improved , following a state visit to New Zealand by Mr Keating , who appears to have developed an excellent relationship with the New Zealand prime minister , Jim Bolger .	0
In which year was New Zealand excluded from the ANZUS alliance ?	However , the Australians continue to keep a close eye on New Zealand .	0
In which year was New Zealand excluded from the ANZUS alliance ?	This followed moves to New Zealand by a string of companies , to take advantage of the lower tax , cost and wage structure .	0
In which year was New Zealand excluded from the ANZUS alliance ?	Among companies moving to New Zealand , or expanding there , were Gillette , Unilever , Johnson & Johnson and Alcatel , which supplies wiring systems for the Australian car industry .	0
In which year was New Zealand excluded from the ANZUS alliance ?	All use New Zealand as a base to supply Australia and Asia .	0
In which year was New Zealand excluded from the ANZUS alliance ?	A recent study by Trust Bank found that major companies were coming to New Zealand because of its low inflation .	0
In which year was New Zealand excluded from the ANZUS alliance ?	A number of New Zealand companies are expanding in Australia .	0
In which year was New Zealand excluded from the ANZUS alliance ?	The growth of sales to Australia has been a factor in the surge of optimism seen recently among New Zealand manufacturers .	0
In which year was New Zealand excluded from the ANZUS alliance ?	In the year to December 31 , the strengthening New Zealand economy led to the creation of 42,000 jobs , of which 23,000 were fulltime positions in manufacturing .	0
In which year was New Zealand excluded from the ANZUS alliance ?	Yet all is not going New Zealand 's way .	0
In which year was New Zealand excluded from the ANZUS alliance ?	Against this , New Zealanders have done well in light engineering and steel and aluminium fabrication .	0
In which year was New Zealand excluded from the ANZUS alliance ?	It is widely believed that any advantages New Zealand manufacturers have gained are due to efficiencies learned the hard way , through surviving a protracted and deep recession .	0
In which year was New Zealand excluded from the ANZUS alliance ?	The talks also covered a threat this week by New Zealand Prime Minister David Lange to pull out of the ANZUS defense alliance linking his country with Australia and the United States .	0
In which year was New Zealand excluded from the ANZUS alliance ?	Officials said both sides want New Zealand to remain in ANZUS , but the United States will not change its position of wanting its ships to visit New Zealand without preconditions .	0
In which year was New Zealand excluded from the ANZUS alliance ?	While there , will also meet with Nick Greiner , premier of New South Wales .	0
In which year was New Zealand excluded from the ANZUS alliance ?	Voters booted out New Zealand 's Labor Party on Saturday , humiliating Prime Minister Mike Moore and giving the opposition National Party the biggest election victory in more than half a century .	0
In which year was New Zealand excluded from the ANZUS alliance ?	The Bush Administration , reaffirming the U.S. strategy of nuclear deterrence , rebuffed an Australian call for a resumption of close political and military ties with New Zealand , senior officials of both countries said today .	0
In which year was New Zealand excluded from the ANZUS alliance ?	A senior Bush Administration official said the breach was caused by New Zealand 's anti-nuclear policy .	0
In which year was New Zealand excluded from the ANZUS alliance ?	New Zealand 's new prime minister , Jeffrey Palmer , has reaffirmed his nation 's anti-nuclear policy .	0
In which year was New Zealand excluded from the ANZUS alliance ?	But he complained that President Bush is prepared to meet Soviet President Mikhail S. Gorbachev while retaining a policy that prohibits high-level political and military contacts with New Zealand , one of Washington 's oldest traditional allies .	0
In which year was New Zealand excluded from the ANZUS alliance ?	For years , the U.S. government has expressed concern that a growing worldwide abhorrence of nuclear weapons might upset the global military balance which , officials argue , has prevented a new world war for almost 45 years .	0
Which large U.S. city had the highest murder rate for 1988 ?	He cited Washington 's surge in drug-related slayings , which have given it the highest per capita murder rate in the nation .	1
Which large U.S. city had the highest murder rate for 1988 ?	The District of Columbia spent $ 859 per person for criminal and civil justice -- four times the national average -- the year it became the nation 's murder capital , according to a Justice Department report .	1
Which large U.S. city had the highest murder rate for 1988 ?	At the present pace , District of Columbia homicides would exceed 600 for the year .	0
Which large U.S. city had the highest murder rate for 1988 ?	An anguished District of Columbia is America 's newly crowned murder capital .	0
Which large U.S. city had the highest murder rate for 1988 ?	The moral authority of Washington 's mayor , Marion Barry , has been undermined by allegations that he uses cocaine and associates with drug dealers .	0
Which large U.S. city had the highest murder rate for 1988 ?	With Washington 's unwanted national notoriety came even more murders .	0
Which large U.S. city had the highest murder rate for 1988 ?	Last year 90 % of the victims and 80 % of the suspects in Washington 's murders were black , and one-fifth of the suspects were 18 or 19 .	0
Which large U.S. city had the highest murder rate for 1988 ?	Washington 's most troublesome crime problem is drug-related murders .	0
Which large U.S. city had the highest murder rate for 1988 ?	WASHINGTON	0
Which large U.S. city had the highest murder rate for 1988 ?	Source : District of Columbia Metropolitan Police Department , Los Angeles Police Department	0
Which large U.S. city had the highest murder rate for 1988 ?	In addition , cases subject to the death penalty under sweeping anti-drug legislation approved by Congress last year also may be prosecuted by federal authorities rather than by the District of Columbia , where there is no capital punishment .	0
Which large U.S. city had the highest murder rate for 1988 ?	Five District of Columbia residents , including a 13-year-old girl , were killed within seven hours during a night of violence that ended just before dawn Sunday , police reported .	0
Which large U.S. city had the highest murder rate for 1988 ?	Under a special review process that applies only to District of Columbia laws , Congress may veto the controversial gun control measure .	0
Which large U.S. city had the highest murder rate for 1988 ?	District of Columbia police say that nearly all of the guns used in crimes here were brought into the city from neighboring Maryland or Virginia , where gun laws are far less stringent .	0
Which large U.S. city had the highest murder rate for 1988 ?	Supporters of the law hope to bottle it up in the District of Columbia Committee , headed by Rep. Ronald V. Dellums -LRB- D - Berkeley -RRB- , who is usually a strong proponent of home rule for Washington .	0
Which large U.S. city had the highest murder rate for 1988 ?	Rohrabacher , a member of the House District of Columbia Committee , was traveling in the Middle East and could not be reached for comment .	0
Which large U.S. city had the highest murder rate for 1988 ?	Five fatal shootings in a 24-hour period made January the deadliest month ever in the nation 's capital as Washington recorded 49 homicides .	0
Which large U.S. city had the highest murder rate for 1988 ?	The District last year recorded 372 homicides , surpassing Detroit for the highest murder rate in the country .	0
Which large U.S. city had the highest murder rate for 1988 ?	Fulwood last week said the city 's raging drug trade continues to be responsible for most of the gunplay .	0
Which large U.S. city had the highest murder rate for 1988 ?	In blighted brick housing projects and row houses just minutes from the grand marble buildings that represent the seat of national government , a city 's obsession with cheap , addictive crack cocaine flares out of control .	0
Which large U.S. city had the highest murder rate for 1988 ?	New Murder Capital	0
Which large U.S. city had the highest murder rate for 1988 ?	Its homicide rate has more than doubled in less than 15 months .	0
Which large U.S. city had the highest murder rate for 1988 ?	By Friday there had been 120 killings already this year in a city of only 650,000 .	0
Which large U.S. city had the highest murder rate for 1988 ?	Washington these days is the subject of much the same unwanted national attention for its crack wars that Los Angeles received in 1988 for its street gang wars .	0
Which large U.S. city had the highest murder rate for 1988 ?	Adjacent suburban areas are also experiencing record murder rates .	0
Which large U.S. city had the highest murder rate for 1988 ?	Ironically , the fact that Washington does not have an entrenched network of street gangs like Los Angeles is one of the reasons that crack has caused so much bloodshed here , according to law enforcement sources .	0
Which large U.S. city had the highest murder rate for 1988 ?	The violence that grows out of this business climate has given Washington a per-capita rate of drug-related killings that is more than five times Los Angeles ' rate of gang killings .	0
Which large U.S. city had the highest murder rate for 1988 ?	Frustrated U.S. senators have threatened to fill the void by imposing federal control over the city 's police force .	0
Which large U.S. city had the highest murder rate for 1988 ?	From 1982 to 1985 they fell 50 % , to 148 , a per-capita rate about equal to today 's rate in Los Angeles .	0
Which large U.S. city had the highest murder rate for 1988 ?	In January , statistics showed that last year 's per-capita murder rate -- 58 per 100,000 citizens -- narrowly edged out a grateful Detroit , the previous title- holder .	0
Which large U.S. city had the highest murder rate for 1988 ?	Los Angeles , with a per-capita rate of 24 per 100,000 , experienced a 12 % drop in homicides last year even though its gang murders were rising by 25 % .	0
Which large U.S. city had the highest murder rate for 1988 ?	In the same way that Los Angeles police conducted massive sweeps of suspected gang members last year , Washington police have arrested 46,000 people in the last two years in sweeps of drug-selling sites .	0
Which large U.S. city had the highest murder rate for 1988 ?	At day 's end , the poor , most of them black , migrate to the city 's northeast , southeast and southwest quadrants .	0
Which large U.S. city had the highest murder rate for 1988 ?	The wealthy head the other way , to the tree-lined streets and $ 300,000 homes of northwest Washington west of Rock Creek Park .	0
Which large U.S. city had the highest murder rate for 1988 ?	Travel agents assure convention planners that Washington is still a nice place to visit .	0
Which large U.S. city had the highest murder rate for 1988 ?	Washingtonian magazine printed its first editorial in 24 years , proclaiming : `` This is still a good city . ''	0
Which large U.S. city had the highest murder rate for 1988 ?	And a defensive Barry has urged the federal government to spend its time and money wiping out coca crops in South America and to stay out of his city 's business .	0
Which large U.S. city had the highest murder rate for 1988 ?	More than anywhere else , Washington is a wrenching reminder that homicide is the nation 's leading cause of death for black males between 15 and 34 .	0
Which large U.S. city had the highest murder rate for 1988 ?	And , as happened in Washington , residents complained bitterly to police about dealers on the streets .	0
Which large U.S. city had the highest murder rate for 1988 ?	In northeast Washington , police said , a street dealer named JoJo was `` fronted '' 10 small packs of crack by another dealer named Angie , who worked for a lieutenant named Earl .	0
Which large U.S. city had the highest murder rate for 1988 ?	Last weekend Headen sat in his living room in a pleasant neighborhood in northwest Washington , where there are no street dealers , and thought about another boy who could go either way .	0
Which large U.S. city had the highest murder rate for 1988 ?	Billionaire H. Ross Perot , saying the nation 's capital has some of the nation 's worst schools , urged local business leaders Tuesday to pitch in and help fight the city 's murder , drug and crime epidemic .	0
Which large U.S. city had the highest murder rate for 1988 ?	Perot , a colorful and controversial Texas businessman , spoke to more than 500 Washington-area business leaders who support the Salvation Army at the charitable group 's annual district luncheon .	0
Which large U.S. city had the highest murder rate for 1988 ?	In outlining the plan , Bennett harshly denounced city officials for an `` irresponsibility .	0
Which large U.S. city had the highest murder rate for 1988 ?	The selection of Washington for the first major assault should not be taken as a signal that `` other cities are going to be ignored , '' Bennett said .	0
Which large U.S. city had the highest murder rate for 1988 ?	Washington Mayor Marion Barry told reporters Monday that he welcomes federal assistance and the `` idea of Washington being a model '' in programs to fight drugs .	0
Which large U.S. city had the highest murder rate for 1988 ?	In the longer term , the plan calls for two new jail and prison facilities in the Washington area to be completed within two years .	0
Which large U.S. city had the highest murder rate for 1988 ?	They will include a 500 -bed pretrial detention facility on excess federal land and a 700 -bed federal correctional institution to serve the Washington - Baltimore area .	0
Which large U.S. city had the highest murder rate for 1988 ?	The bureau is to set up a central database to catalogue rapidly increasing homicides in the city as part of a program designed to apprehend the most violent criminals .	0
Which large U.S. city had the highest murder rate for 1988 ?	There were 372 homicides reported in Washington last year , and the city 's 58 murders per 100,000 citizens was the highest rate in the nation .	0
Which large U.S. city had the highest murder rate for 1988 ?	Administration officials said , however , that the Guard almost certainly will be enlisted to assist law enforcement officers with administrative duties and might also help to patrol city streets .	0
Which large U.S. city had the highest murder rate for 1988 ?	U.S. to Take Some Cases	0
Which large U.S. city had the highest murder rate for 1988 ?	In an attempt to ensure that drug traffickers are subject to stringent penalties , the officials said , U.S. Atty .	0
Which large U.S. city had the highest murder rate for 1988 ?	Jay B. Stephens will transfer `` appropriate cases '' from the local court to U.S. District Court , where federal laws calling for mandatory prison terms can be invoked .	0
Which large U.S. city had the highest murder rate for 1988 ?	Despite its broad scope , the plan stopped short of declaring Washington a `` high-intensity drug trafficking area , '' a designation that could have given the Administration power to marshal even more sweeping federal resources .	0
Which large U.S. city had the highest murder rate for 1988 ?	`` There is a special relationship between Washington and the federal government , and I think most Americans understand that , '' Bennett said , explaining the choice of the city for the first major drug assault .	0
Which large U.S. city had the highest murder rate for 1988 ?	He said the government was acting on a `` kind of emergency basis '' in Washington `` to see what we can learn '' about future anti-drug efforts .	0
Which large U.S. city had the highest murder rate for 1988 ?	In Los Angeles , Gary Squier , who took over Monday as acting director of the troubled Los Angeles City Housing Authority , said the authority had not taken a position on waiving the administrative appeals procedure .	0
Which large U.S. city had the highest murder rate for 1988 ?	Squier said the authority would need federal funding to beef up its existing police force in the city 's 21 public housing complexes but rejected the proposed identification card scheme as unfeasible .	0
Which large U.S. city had the highest murder rate for 1988 ?	Washington assumed the unofficial title as the nation 's murder capital in 1988 when it recorded 369 homicides , highest per capita for any major U.S. city .	0
Which large U.S. city had the highest murder rate for 1988 ?	The killings pushed the city 's homicide toll to 369 , equal to last year 's record .	0
Which large U.S. city had the highest murder rate for 1988 ?	They occurred in four separate incidents in different sections of the city , police said .	0
Which large U.S. city had the highest murder rate for 1988 ?	Although police initially had reported 372 killings in the city during 1988 , they later revised the total , saying that three of the incidents had been classified as justifiable homicides .	0
Which large U.S. city had the highest murder rate for 1988 ?	Among the nation 's largest cities , Washington had the highest per-capita murder rate in 1988 .	0
Which large U.S. city had the highest murder rate for 1988 ?	About $ 11,000 in cash and a large quantity of heroin were found in Broome 's clothing , police said .	0
Which large U.S. city had the highest murder rate for 1988 ?	The measure had been passed last week by the City Council .	0
Which large U.S. city had the highest murder rate for 1988 ?	accused the city government of `` cheap theatrics '' and predicted that the measure will not stand up in court .	0
Which large U.S. city had the highest murder rate for 1988 ?	Although it already has one of the stiffest gun control laws on the books , Washington has the highest homicide rate in the nation , with a record 465 murders so far this year .	0
Which large U.S. city had the highest murder rate for 1988 ?	City Council 's actions , but once measures become controversial they usually are turned down .	0
Which large U.S. city had the highest murder rate for 1988 ?	`` The city of Washington has far overstepped its bounds in trying to put gun -LRB- firms that -RRB- make assault weapons out of business , '' Dykema said .	0
What did Shostakovich write for Rostropovich ?	Rostropovich 's brilliant technique and burnished tone will be applied to one of two cello concertos written especially for him by Dmitri Shostakovich .	1
What did Shostakovich write for Rostropovich ?	The Polonaise from Tchaikovsky 's opera Eugene Onegin was a brief but cracking opener and its brilliant bluster was no sooner in our ears than forcibly contradicted by the bleak depression of Shostakovich 's second cello concerto , Op .	0
What is the name of the promising anticancer compound derived from the pacific yew tree ?	The field was given an enormous boost by taxol , a promising anticancer compound derived from the bark of the Pacific yew tree , a conifer found in the remaining virgin forests of the US 's Pacific Northwest .	1
What is the name of the promising anticancer compound derived from the pacific yew tree ?	Conservationists are worried that in the rush to extract taxol from the bark of the Pacific yew tree , remaining stands of the tree will be obliterated .	1
What is the name of the promising anticancer compound derived from the pacific yew tree ?	However , McChesney said researchers have now found that taxol can be extracted from the yew 's needles , rather than its bark .	1
What is the name of the promising anticancer compound derived from the pacific yew tree ?	News that the FDA had approved the marketing of taxol , a promising new cancer drug derived from the Pacific yew tree , helped shares in Bristol-Myers advance Dollars 3/4 to Dollars 68 1/2 .	1
What is the name of the promising anticancer compound derived from the pacific yew tree ?	The US government yesterday approved the use of Taxol - a potential cancer fighter derived from the bark of Pacific Yew trees - for ovarian cancer patients who have not responded to other treatments , Reuter reports from Washington .	1
What is the name of the promising anticancer compound derived from the pacific yew tree ?	Analysts have predicted sales of Taxol , derived from the bark of rare Pacific yew trees , of up to Dollars 50m -LRB- Pounds 33.1m -RRB-	1
What is the name of the promising anticancer compound derived from the pacific yew tree ?	Taxol is now being tested against ovarian and breast cancers .	0
What is the name of the promising anticancer compound derived from the pacific yew tree ?	The US National Cancer Institute first discovered taxol in the 1960s but saw its natural products program languish in the 1980s .	0
What is the name of the promising anticancer compound derived from the pacific yew tree ?	The controversy surrounding taxol has underscored the issue of supply .	0
What is the name of the promising anticancer compound derived from the pacific yew tree ?	Bristol-Myers has received permission to market taxol to women with ovarian cancer who have failed to respond to chemotherapy .	0
What is the name of the promising anticancer compound derived from the pacific yew tree ?	Taxol is being studied for a number of other cancer uses including breast , lung and head and neck cancers .	0
What is the name of the promising anticancer compound derived from the pacific yew tree ?	AN advisory panel of the US Food and Drug Administration -LRB- FDA -RRB- yesterday recommended marketing approval for the drug Taxol to treat ovarian cancer which does not respond to standard treatment , writes Karen Zagor in New York .	0
What is the name of the promising anticancer compound derived from the pacific yew tree ?	Morphine is derived from opium , for example , and penicillin is a fungal metabolite .	0
What is the name of the promising anticancer compound derived from the pacific yew tree ?	James McChesney , director of the Research Institute for Pharmaceutical Sciences at the University of Mississippi estimates the compound generates as much as Dollars 300m a year in sales in Europe .	0
What is the name of the promising anticancer compound derived from the pacific yew tree ?	The drug is an analog of campotothecin , a compound extracted from trees in China and India .	0
What is the name of the promising anticancer compound derived from the pacific yew tree ?	Another promising product is artemisinin , an antimalarial drug originally derived from a plant found in China and south-east Asia , according to McChesney .	0
What is the name of the promising anticancer compound derived from the pacific yew tree ?	'The excitement is that the compound is effective for drug -resistant malaria and is practically a miraculous drug for cerebral malaria , a serious form of the disease , ' he said .	0
What is the name of the promising anticancer compound derived from the pacific yew tree ?	Artemesia annua , from which the compound is derived , is a 'worldwide naturalised weed , ' said McChesney .	0
What is the name of the promising anticancer compound derived from the pacific yew tree ?	'By using traditional knowledge there is greater likelihood of yielding an active compound or a pharmaceutical , ' said Lisa Conte , Shaman 's president .	0
What is the name of the promising anticancer compound derived from the pacific yew tree ?	Shaman is the traditional name for 'medicine man ' .	0
What is the name of the promising anticancer compound derived from the pacific yew tree ?	One is an anti-viral drug against respiratory infections ; the second is a broad-spectrum antifungal agent derived from a plant used by native tribes in North America and Africa for the treatment of infections .	0
How many inhabitants live in the town of Ushuaia ?	Ushuaia , a port of about 30,000 people set between the Beagle Channel and the southernmost ranges of the Andes , became home to five screwdriver plants notorious for their poorly crafted and over-priced consumer durables .	1
How many inhabitants live in the town of Ushuaia ?	Jagged peaks soar above the bay and encircle the town in a snowy embrace .	0
How many inhabitants live in the town of Ushuaia ?	He spotted the campfires of the Yahgan Indian inhabitants and named it Tierra del Humo : the Land of Smoke .	0
How many inhabitants live in the town of Ushuaia ?	At midnight one can read a paperback by natural light and the town is just beginning to bop .	0
How many inhabitants live in the town of Ushuaia ?	It is a good town in which to indulge in one of Argentina 's gastronomic highlights , the parrillada - a selection of meat grilled over an open fire .	0
How many inhabitants live in the town of Ushuaia ?	There is a glacier on the peak at the back of the town , the path to it strewn with alpine flowers : saxifrage , house leeks , tiny yellow drumstick primulas , nodding Icelandic poppies .	0
How many consecutive baseball games did Lou Gehrig play ?	Steve Garvey played tennis while engaged in baseball but , pursuing Lou Gehrig 's record of 2,130 consecutive games , refrained from doing household chores .	1
How many consecutive baseball games did Lou Gehrig play ?	Joe DiMaggio is remembered for hitting in 56 consecutive games , Lou Gehrig for playing in 2,130 consecutive games .	1
How many consecutive baseball games did Lou Gehrig play ?	Ripken is more than halfway to Lou Gehrig 's record of 2,130 consecutive games .	1
How many consecutive baseball games did Lou Gehrig play ?	It took 14 years , 2,130 games and an incurable illness to put Gehrig back on the bench .	1
How many consecutive baseball games did Lou Gehrig play ?	But it is his 2,130 consecutive games played that is considered one of baseball 's unbreakable records .	1
How many consecutive baseball games did Lou Gehrig play ?	Fifty years ago today : Lou Gehrig of the New York Yankees did not play against the Detroit Tigers at Briggs Stadium , thus ending his streak of 2,130 consecutive games played .	1
How many consecutive baseball games did Lou Gehrig play ?	Fifty years ago this week , Lou Gehrig ended a remarkable string of playing in 2,130 consecutive games , from June 1 , 1925 to May 2 , 1939 .	1
How many consecutive baseball games did Lou Gehrig play ?	Ripken is 822 games -- or more than five seasons -- way from Gehrig 's record of 2,130 .	1
How many consecutive baseball games did Lou Gehrig play ?	Lou stayed there for 2,130 consecutive games or 14 seasons .	1
How many consecutive baseball games did Lou Gehrig play ?	In that time , he broke Lou Gehrig 's consecutive game record of 2,130 with 2,215 of his own , and even kept playing the day after a pitch struck him and broke his left collarbone .	1
How many consecutive baseball games did Lou Gehrig play ?	`` Lou had played in 2130 consecutive games .	1
How many consecutive baseball games did Lou Gehrig play ?	Not since Lou Gehrig 's incredible 2,130 consecutive-game record ended 50 years ago has there been a streak of this duration .	1
How many consecutive baseball games did Lou Gehrig play ?	One is Lou Gehrig , 2,130 .	0
How many consecutive baseball games did Lou Gehrig play ?	And how did this accident come to Laffit , 43 ?	0
How many consecutive baseball games did Lou Gehrig play ?	`` I have played baseball , '' he recalls .	0
How many consecutive baseball games did Lou Gehrig play ?	If Lyle , a baseball player , went out playing basketball , Norm Nixon , a basketball player , went out playing baseball .	0
How many consecutive baseball games did Lou Gehrig play ?	In the World Series that year , he started three games for the Red Sox .	0
How many consecutive baseball games did Lou Gehrig play ?	He busts up a knee so severely that he is able to win but six games the following season and just about schusses his way out of baseball .	0
How many consecutive baseball games did Lou Gehrig play ?	We asked him one day if , at the top of his baseball career , he had regrets going skiing .	0
How many consecutive baseball games did Lou Gehrig play ?	Opinion : What are we counting here , consecutive games scored in or consecutive games played in ?	0
How many consecutive baseball games did Lou Gehrig play ?	When Orel Hershiser threw 59 consecutive scoreless innings at the end of the 1988 season , that was n't the end of it .	0
How many consecutive baseball games did Lou Gehrig play ?	What if Lemieux had scored in the last 50 games of this season ?	0
How many consecutive baseball games did Lou Gehrig play ?	At the last inspection , made at the end of the 1989 season , Mr. Cal Ripken Jr. performs in his 1 , 250th consecutive game in the sport of rounders .	0
How many consecutive baseball games did Lou Gehrig play ?	That is an awful lot of consecutive games , proof of which is only two others in the majors have pulled off more .	0
How many consecutive baseball games did Lou Gehrig play ?	The other is Everett Scott , who , at 148 pounds , rolls out of Bluffton , Ind. , to play shortstop for the Red Sox and Yankees and logs 1,307 consecutive games .	0
How many consecutive baseball games did Lou Gehrig play ?	In roughly 5 1/2 years , Ripken could be passing Gehrig .	0
How many consecutive baseball games did Lou Gehrig play ?	Do you read , for instance , that Wade Boggs is going to play ?	0
How many consecutive baseball games did Lou Gehrig play ?	The streak of Steve Garvey , fourth longest in baseball history , came to a finish not when a rabbit slid into Garvey , but when he slid into a catcher .	0
How many consecutive baseball games did Lou Gehrig play ?	At least the American League East produced baseball 's only pennant race last season .	0
How many consecutive baseball games did Lou Gehrig play ?	George Bell , at 30 , is the last remaining member of what was once projected as baseball 's best outfield .	0
How many consecutive baseball games did Lou Gehrig play ?	So could be rookie outfielder Greg Vaughn -LRB- 26 HR , 92 RBIs in 110 games at Class AAA Denver -RRB- .	0
How many consecutive baseball games did Lou Gehrig play ?	Olson -LRB- 1.69 ERA , 27 saves -RRB- did not blow an opportunity until late in the season .	0
How many consecutive baseball games did Lou Gehrig play ?	The Yankees led the majors in victories during the 1980s , even though it was the first decade since Ruth & Gehrig in which they did not win a World Series .	0
How many consecutive baseball games did Lou Gehrig play ?	The Indians have not finished within 10 games of first place since 1959 .	0
How many consecutive baseball games did Lou Gehrig play ?	Alan Trammell slumped to .243 and Lou Whitaker hit just .251 .	0
How many consecutive baseball games did Lou Gehrig play ?	On June 2 , 1925 , Wally Pipp had a headache and was replaced at first base in the New York Yankee lineup by a quiet hometown kid named Lou Gehrig .	0
How many consecutive baseball games did Lou Gehrig play ?	And when the Iron Horse took himself out of the lineup 50 years ago , on May 2 , 1939 , he also moved out of the shadow of Babe Ruth and into baseball immortality .	0
How many consecutive baseball games did Lou Gehrig play ?	In the 13 full seasons he played , Gehrig averaged 147 RBIs a season .	0
How many consecutive baseball games did Lou Gehrig play ?	The next best is the mark Gehrig broke -- 1,307 straight games by Everett Scott , 823 games -LRB- more than five seasons -RRB- short of Gehrig 's mark .	0
How many consecutive baseball games did Lou Gehrig play ?	If a rookie was to start a consecutive-game streak in 1989 , he would have to play every game from now until early in the season of 2,002 to surpass Gehrig .	0
How many consecutive baseball games did Lou Gehrig play ?	Steve Garvey holds the National League record with 1,207 consecutive games from Sept. 3 , 1975 , to July 29 , 1983 .	0
How many consecutive baseball games did Lou Gehrig play ?	Garvey retired after the 1987 season , but if he had kept the streak going in 1983 and was playing today , he would still be a few games short .	0
How many consecutive baseball games did Lou Gehrig play ?	`` I do n't think anyone will ever break Lou Gehrig 's record , '' Garvey said .	0
How many consecutive baseball games did Lou Gehrig play ?	Baltimore shortstop Cal Ripken recently surpassed playing in 1,100 consecutive games .	0
How many consecutive baseball games did Lou Gehrig play ?	He would still need another six-plus seasons to reach Gehrig .	0
How many consecutive baseball games did Lou Gehrig play ?	A star at Columbia University , Gehrig was scouted by Paul Krichell and signed with the Yankees when offered a $ 1,500 bonus .	0
How many consecutive baseball games did Lou Gehrig play ?	Gehrig took over at first base , and stayed there for 15 years .	0
How many consecutive baseball games did Lou Gehrig play ?	Gehrig turned 35 in 1938 and his average slipped to .295 with 29 homers and 114 RBIs .	0
How many consecutive baseball games did Lou Gehrig play ?	While million-dollar numbers by today 's standards , it was far below his norm and provoked concern for Gehrig and the Yankees .	0
How many consecutive baseball games did Lou Gehrig play ?	Gehrig , whose top salary was $ 39,000 , had a sluggish spring training in 1939 and a routine play at Yankee Stadium in April told him something was wrong .	0
How many consecutive baseball games did Lou Gehrig play ?	A ball was hit back to pitcher Johnny Murphy and Gehrig had trouble getting to the bag .	0
How many consecutive baseball games did Lou Gehrig play ?	Murphy told the Iron Horse , `` nice play , '' but Gehrig knew it was nothing special .	0
How many consecutive baseball games did Lou Gehrig play ?	In his first 28 at-bats in 1939 , Gehrig had four hits with no homers and one RBI .	0
How many consecutive baseball games did Lou Gehrig play ?	Gehrig knew something was wrong , he just did n't know what .	0
How many consecutive baseball games did Lou Gehrig play ?	May 1 , 1939 , was an off day and Gehrig spent some lonely hours in a Detroit hotel room .	0
How many consecutive baseball games did Lou Gehrig play ?	The next day , Gehrig told Manager Joe McCarthy : `` I 'm taking myself out of the lineup . ''	0
How many consecutive baseball games did Lou Gehrig play ?	`` I decided last Sunday night on this move , '' Gehrig said in announcing his decision to the press .	0
How many consecutive baseball games did Lou Gehrig play ?	It would not be fair to the boys , to Joe or to the baseball public for me to try going on .	0
How many consecutive baseball games did Lou Gehrig play ?	McCarthy thought Gehrig just needed some much deserved time off and would be back soon .	0
How many consecutive baseball games did Lou Gehrig play ?	But the world has come to know it as Lou Gehrig 's disease .	0
How many consecutive baseball games did Lou Gehrig play ?	There was a real Lou Gehrig .	0
How many consecutive baseball games did Lou Gehrig play ?	Others have had great numbers , but few more impact on the game of baseball .	0
How many consecutive baseball games did Lou Gehrig play ?	`` I remember the first time I played first base at Yankee Stadium thinking I was in the same place Lou Gehrig played , '' first baseman Don Mattingly said .	0
How many consecutive baseball games did Lou Gehrig play ?	Yankee Stadium is the `` House that Ruth Built , '' but as long as a team plays there , Gehrig will be the pride of the Yankees .	0
How many consecutive baseball games did Lou Gehrig play ?	Gehrig never played in another game .	0
How many consecutive baseball games did Lou Gehrig play ?	Perspective : Nolan Ryan long ago eclipsed Walter Johnson 's strikeout total , a record that used to be regarded as a baseball standard , much as Babe Ruth 's home run record was .	0
How many consecutive baseball games did Lou Gehrig play ?	Dave Anderson of the New York Times did some figuring and discovered that Ryan 's 4,824 strikeouts -LRB- and counting -RRB- compare to Johnson 's 3,508 this way .	0
How many consecutive baseball games did Lou Gehrig play ?	Soon thereafter , Gehrig was discovered to have amyotrophic lateral sclerosis , the incurable ailment now known as Lou Gehrig 's disease .	0
How many consecutive baseball games did Lou Gehrig play ?	Gehrig was 35 in 1938 .	0
How many consecutive baseball games did Lou Gehrig play ?	Re -lighting the flame : When Seattle acquired pitcher Mike Dunne from Pittsburgh last week , the Mariners became the first team in the majors with three members of the 1984 U.S. Olympic baseball team .	0
How many consecutive baseball games did Lou Gehrig play ?	`` I did about 100 pushups and about 16 laps in the outfield because I did n't expect to play , '' Stone said .	0
How many consecutive baseball games did Lou Gehrig play ?	She also said she did not know of any problem Leach might have .	0
How many consecutive baseball games did Lou Gehrig play ?	The A 's have won 31 of their last 48 games in AL East ballparks .	0
How many consecutive baseball games did Lou Gehrig play ?	Meanwhile , it was the 1 , 118th consecutive game played by the Orioles ' Cal Ripken , who moved past Billy Williams into fourth place on the all-time list .	0
How many consecutive baseball games did Lou Gehrig play ?	The leaders in consecutive games played :	0
How many consecutive baseball games did Lou Gehrig play ?	`` Now we can relax and play some baseball , '' Merrill said .	0
How many consecutive baseball games did Lou Gehrig play ?	`` It 's a streak of consecutive years of playing every game , not a streak of 1,300 games . ''	0
How many consecutive baseball games did Lou Gehrig play ?	Oakland 3 , Kansas City 2 -- Bob Welch settled down after a shaky start to win his sixth consecutive decision and the Athletics completed a three-game sweep at Oakland .	0
How many consecutive baseball games did Lou Gehrig play ?	The Royals lost their sixth in a row and fell 16 games behind the American League West -leading Athletics .	0
How many consecutive baseball games did Lou Gehrig play ?	Oakland won for the fifth time in six games and improved to 38-17 , the best record in baseball .	0
How many consecutive baseball games did Lou Gehrig play ?	`` I 've seen quite a few games with 10 - or 12 -run innings , but it 's something you do n't see every day , '' Wilson said .	0
How many consecutive baseball games did Lou Gehrig play ?	Cal Ripken Jr. has the second -longest playing streak in major league baseball , yet the Baltimore Orioles ' shortstop has received as much criticism as acclaim .	0
How many consecutive baseball games did Lou Gehrig play ?	Ripken passed Everett Scott for the No. 2 spot in longevity behind Lou Gehrig .	0
How many consecutive baseball games did Lou Gehrig play ?	Maybe , if by some stroke of luck I catch Gehrig , then that will really be something . ''	0
How many consecutive baseball games did Lou Gehrig play ?	But I never did understand the meaning of the streak and all the attention that has been poured into it . ''	0
How many consecutive baseball games did Lou Gehrig play ?	The White Sox , who had won four in a row , are two games behind Oakland in the West .	0
How many consecutive baseball games did Lou Gehrig play ?	CONSECUTIVE GAMES PLAYED	0
How many consecutive baseball games did Lou Gehrig play ?	I guess the most telling argument for the advisability of playing in pain is the Lou Gehrig story .	0
How many consecutive baseball games did Lou Gehrig play ?	Fellow named Lou Gehrig .	0
How many consecutive baseball games did Lou Gehrig play ?	Wally Pipp drifted out of the league and out of baseball .	0
How many consecutive baseball games did Lou Gehrig play ?	Mrs. Lou Gehrig , herself , was later to claim there was really nothing seriously wrong with Wally Pipp that day except he was n't hitting and thought the day off might do him some good .	0
How many consecutive baseball games did Lou Gehrig play ?	He became Baseball 's Fabulous Invalid .	0
How many consecutive baseball games did Lou Gehrig play ?	said Baseball .	0
How many consecutive baseball games did Lou Gehrig play ?	Did you say `` wart ? ``	0
How many consecutive baseball games did Lou Gehrig play ?	He occasionally skipped games or took himself out of the lineup after an inning in pain .	0
How many consecutive baseball games did Lou Gehrig play ?	In Whiting 's book , baseball is everything to the Japanese , including war .	0
How many consecutive baseball games did Lou Gehrig play ?	The topic of Japanese baseball is probably not a particularly compelling one to many readers , including even the most avid sports fan .	0
How many consecutive baseball games did Lou Gehrig play ?	Baseball kamikaze , apparently .	0
How many consecutive baseball games did Lou Gehrig play ?	Their son 's death , while tragic , was also honorable in the context of what baseball symbolizes to the Japanese populace .	0
How many consecutive baseball games did Lou Gehrig play ?	Just past the midpoint of a season in which the Dodgers are shakily defending a World Series championship , baseball 's best teams might be the Oakland Athletics and San Francisco Giants .	0
How many consecutive baseball games did Lou Gehrig play ?	`` Free agency and the draft have made it a new game , '' he said , mentioning the revolutionary baseball changes that took root in the 1970s , tearing apart , among others , Finley 's Oakland champions .	0
How many consecutive baseball games did Lou Gehrig play ?	`` Baseball has never been so well played .	0
How many consecutive baseball games did Lou Gehrig play ?	Baseball could easily expand again .	0
How many consecutive baseball games did Lou Gehrig play ?	Today , every baseball roster is stronger , down through the 23rd or 24th man , than they used to be . ''	0
How many consecutive baseball games did Lou Gehrig play ?	He and his wife , residents of Fullerton , have five children , 15 grandchildren and a great grandchild , most of them baseball fans .	0
How many consecutive baseball games did Lou Gehrig play ?	`` In 1927 , the Yankees won 110 games in a 154 -game season .	0
How many consecutive baseball games did Lou Gehrig play ?	For the second of many times , first baseman Gehrig played every game .	0
How many consecutive baseball games did Lou Gehrig play ?	By contrast there was a rookie reliever , Wilcy Moore , who in his only big season in baseball had a 19-7 record with a 2.28 earned-run average in 50 appearances .	0
How many consecutive baseball games did Lou Gehrig play ?	Ruth came back to hit 54 home runs in 1928 , when he and Gehrig led the league with 142 runs batted in apiece .	0
How many consecutive baseball games did Lou Gehrig play ?	`` Baseball had never seen such a dominant team .	0
How many consecutive baseball games did Lou Gehrig play ?	Red Ruffing -LRB- 21-7 -RRB- matched his peak season on a staff with four other pitchers who each won 12 or 13 games -- Atley Donald , Lefty Gomez , Bump Hadley and Monte Pearson .	0
How many consecutive baseball games did Lou Gehrig play ?	`` The most poignant of baseball stories began one night in the spring of 1939 when Joe McCarthy walked in to talk to the writers in the dining room of the Book Cadillac Hotel in Detroit .	0
How many consecutive baseball games did Lou Gehrig play ?	Lou Gehrig has asked to come out of the lineup . '	0
How many consecutive baseball games did Lou Gehrig play ?	Even with Babe Dahlgren instead of Gehrig at first base , that became the greatest Yankee team of my time .	0
How many consecutive baseball games did Lou Gehrig play ?	`` So the 1974 A 's were baseball 's last great team .	0
How many consecutive baseball games did Lou Gehrig play ?	Finley , who did much of the scouting himself , helped round up a group that won a record five straight division championships for Oakland starting in 1971 .	0
How many consecutive baseball games did Lou Gehrig play ?	The string only ended in 1976 when the entrepreneurial era ended in baseball as the draft and free agency took hold , balancing up the teams .	0
How many consecutive baseball games did Lou Gehrig play ?	In fact they won pennants and three World Series in three consecutive years , in addition to winning five straight division titles .	0
How many consecutive baseball games did Lou Gehrig play ?	Hunter , Ken Holtzman and John -LRB- Blue Moon -RRB- Odom won the last three straight that October , after which neither the A 's nor baseball was ever the same .	0
How many consecutive baseball games did Lou Gehrig play ?	Relief star Rollie Fingers appeared in a league-leading 76 games in 1974 , and in three years averaged 20 saves .	0
How many consecutive baseball games did Lou Gehrig play ?	`` Casey , I feel , has been under-appreciated as a baseball man .	0
How many consecutive baseball games did Lou Gehrig play ?	He was n't just the most colorful baseball character of the last 50 years , he lived the game 24 hours a day .	0
How many consecutive baseball games did Lou Gehrig play ?	One of the other pall bearers saw it at the same time I did and whispered , 'I see Casey 's at it already . '	0
How many consecutive baseball games did Lou Gehrig play ?	`` Usually , baseball players straggle out two or three at a time -- but not those Yankees .	0
How many consecutive baseball games did Lou Gehrig play ?	1955 DODGERS : After losing five World Series to the Yankees in '41 , '47 , '49 , '52 , and '53 , the Dodgers , then in Brooklyn , lost the first two games of the '55 Series .	0
How many consecutive baseball games did Lou Gehrig play ?	1907 CHICAGO CUBS : Baseball 's first great team , with Manager Frank Chance , the Peerless Leader , at first base , won consecutive pennants and two World Series in 1906-07-08 .	0
How many consecutive baseball games did Lou Gehrig play ?	On the 1907 team , a four -straight World Series winner , the answer to baseball 's most enduring trivia question was Harry Steinfeldt .	0
How many consecutive baseball games did Lou Gehrig play ?	When he took the field against the Toronto Blue Jays at Memorial Stadium , Ripken did n't set a record , but he established a baseball endurance standard unequaled in the last half century .	0
How many consecutive baseball games did Lou Gehrig play ?	With Thursday night 's game , Ripken moved past Steve Garvey into third place on baseball 's all-time list , leaving only Everett Scott -- and 922 games -- between him and Gehrig .	0
How many consecutive baseball games did Lou Gehrig play ?	Ripken long ago learned to explain his durability by insisting his string of games was nothing more than a series of 162 -game streaks .	0
How many consecutive baseball games did Lou Gehrig play ?	Amazingly , Ripken , who turns 29 next Thursday , recovered and it was n't until 1987 that his streak of consecutive innings was halted , as much to stem the publicity as anything else .	0
How many consecutive baseball games did Lou Gehrig play ?	`` I do n't play games because of the streak , '' said Ripken .	0
How many consecutive baseball games did Lou Gehrig play ?	Ripken was asked if he could perceive himself playing just to keep The Streak alive -LRB- something even Gehrig did on occasion -RRB- .	0
How many consecutive baseball games did Lou Gehrig play ?	To put Gehrig 's streak , and what Ripken already has accomplished , into perspective , consider that Ripken will own the third longest streak in baseball history when he plays one more game .	0
How many consecutive baseball games did Lou Gehrig play ?	To catch Gehrig he would have to put together another streak that would be the equivalent of the seventh longest in history .	0
How many consecutive baseball games did Lou Gehrig play ?	Nobody knows , of course , whether the Baltimore Oriole shortstop can catch the Iron Horse , but if he does , he will be younger than Gehrig was when Gehrig 's remarkable streak ended .	0
How many consecutive baseball games did Lou Gehrig play ?	Gehrig was 35 when he stepped out of the Yankee lineup .	0
How many consecutive baseball games did Lou Gehrig play ?	Either they were getting busted up or were sent home because they did little else but run in the ring .	0
What is the tallest building in Japan ?	The Landmark Tower , the tallest building in Japan , is set amid 70 hectares of reclaimed land and disused docks , criss-crossed by empty new roads and abandoned railway tracks .	1
What is the tallest building in Japan ?	The tallest building in earthquake-prone Japan is Tokyo 's 60 -story Sunshine City Building .	1
What is the tallest building in Japan ?	The 110 -story Sears Tower in Chicago is the world 's tallest building .	0
What is the tallest building in Japan ?	The Ohbayashi building would be able to accommodate 300,000 people .	0
What is the tallest building in Japan ?	The building is shaped like a triangle , becoming smaller at the top to help it absorb shock waves .	0
What is the tallest building in Japan ?	It would have a number of tunnels to let typhoon winds pass through rather than hitting the building with full force .	0
What is the tallest building in Japan ?	In the early 1960s , Japan developed a technique of building flexible structures to replace the rigid construction techniques favored for decades .	0
What is the tallest building in Japan ?	Under the old concept , engineers built structures of up to 11 stories , using ferroconcrete solid pillars and walls to absorb shock and sustain the building 's weight .	0
What is the tallest building in Japan ?	Using the new method , Tokyo 's 36 -story , 482-foot-tall Kasumigaseki Building was completed in 1968 .	0
Which country is Australia 's largest export market ?	Japan remained Australia 's largest export market , accounting for almost a quarter of total merchandise exports worth 15.6 billion dollars .	1
Which country is Australia 's largest export market ?	At the same time , Australia imported 11.8 billion dollars worth of goods from Japan , resulting in a trade surplus of 3.8 billion dollars .	0
Which country is Australia 's largest export market ?	Australia 's total merchandise trade rose by 10 percent in current dollar terms to 125 billion dollars , with eight percent export growth and a 12 percent increase in imports , the report said .	0
Which country is Australia 's largest export market ?	A statement released by Trade Minister Bob McMullan 's office said the figures clearly indicated the government 's closer integration with Asia was paying dividends in the form of increased export earnings .	0
Which former Ku Klux Klan member won an elected office in the U.S. ?	Louisiana Republicans on Saturday endorsed a New Orleans state senator to challenge incumbent U.S. Sen. J. Bennett Johnston , decisively rejecting a bid by former Ku Klux Klan leader David Duke , who is now a state representative .	1
Which former Ku Klux Klan member won an elected office in the U.S. ?	Treen , 63 , and Duke , 38 , a former grand wizard of the klan , are in a runoff election Saturday to represent the nearly all-white district in Metairie , a New Orleans suburb .	1
Which former Ku Klux Klan member won an elected office in the U.S. ?	Former national Ku Klux Klan leader David Duke , running against a local businessman who received endorsements from President Bush and former President Ronald Reagan , captured a hotly contested seat in the Louisiana Legislature by 224 votes Saturday .	1
Which former Ku Klux Klan member won an elected office in the U.S. ?	Duke , who said he left the klan in 1980 but still lists his home phone number as the New Orleans klan office , delivered a blow to local , state and national Republican leaders with the victory Saturday .	1
Which former Ku Klux Klan member won an elected office in the U.S. ?	David Duke , a former grand wizard in the Ku Klux Klan , and home builder John Treen faced off Saturday for a seat in the Louisiana Legislature in an election peppered with charges of racism and extremism .	1
Which former Ku Klux Klan member won an elected office in the U.S. ?	The election returned the spotlight to Duke , who in the 1970s was photographed in a Nazi uniform and boldly removed the hood of his white robe to become an international spokesman for the klan .	1
Which former Ku Klux Klan member won an elected office in the U.S. ?	David Duke 's opponent filed a court motion seeking to block the former Ku Klux Klan grand wizard from taking the Louisiana Legislature seat he won Saturday .	1
Which former Ku Klux Klan member won an elected office in the U.S. ?	Former Ku Klux Klan leader David Duke overcame two last-minute efforts to block him from taking his newly won seat in the Legislature today and was sworn in as a member of the Louisiana House .	1
Which former Ku Klux Klan member won an elected office in the U.S. ?	The national Republican Party leadership , spurred by chairman Lee Atwater , today cut all ties to former Ku Klux Klan leader David Duke , the newly elected Louisiana Republican state lawmaker .	1
Which former Ku Klux Klan member won an elected office in the U.S. ?	Duke , a former member of the American Nazi Party and the Ku Klux Klan , was elected this month to the Louisiana Legislature as a member of the Republican Party .	1
Which former Ku Klux Klan member won an elected office in the U.S. ?	Duke then billed himself as executive director and grand dragon of the Knights of the Ku Klux Klan , always being careful to explain that it was one of several Klan groups in the country .	1
Which former Ku Klux Klan member won an elected office in the U.S. ?	David Duke , the former Ku Klux Klan leader elected last month to the Louisiana House of Representatives , called the Rev. Jesse Jackson a `` racist '' and said affirmative action and minority set-aside programs should be abolished .	1
Which former Ku Klux Klan member won an elected office in the U.S. ?	To the `` Not-sees , '' Skinheads , Ku Klux Klan , David Duke , and other bigoted , racist know-nothings : `` Foiled again ! ''	1
Which former Ku Klux Klan member won an elected office in the U.S. ?	A month earlier , one-time Ku Klux Klan Grand Wizard David Duke won election to the Louisiana Legislature as a Republican , despite opposition from Bush and Atwater .	1
Which former Ku Klux Klan member won an elected office in the U.S. ?	State Rep. David Duke , 39 , the former Ku Klux Klan leader who became a Republican in 1988 , is challenging three -term Democratic incumbent J. Bennett Johnston .	1
Which former Ku Klux Klan member won an elected office in the U.S. ?	When former Ku Klux Klan leader David Duke ran for the U.S. Senate as a Republican , Bush and other GOP leaders were sincerely horrified and rushed to repudiate him .	1
Which former Ku Klux Klan member won an elected office in the U.S. ?	Duke , former imperial wizard of the Knights of the Ku Klux Klan , founded the NAAWP after repudiating the klan .	1
Which former Ku Klux Klan member won an elected office in the U.S. ?	What about New Orleans , where the 1990 Super Bowl was staged despite the fact that David Duke , a former Ku Klux Klan member , was holding a public office in the state of Louisiana ?	1
Which former Ku Klux Klan member won an elected office in the U.S. ?	Republican state Rep. David Duke , a former grand wizard of the Ku Klux Klan , said that he will seek the U.S. Senate seat of J. Bennett Johnston -LRB- D -La. -RRB- .	1
Which former Ku Klux Klan member won an elected office in the U.S. ?	Mr Duke , a former U.S. congressional candidate , arrived in South Africa on Tuesday on a private visit .	0
Which former Ku Klux Klan member won an elected office in the U.S. ?	South Africans did not need Mr Duke , the ANC said , adding that he should not be given time on radio or television to air his `` noxious '' views .	0
Which former Ku Klux Klan member won an elected office in the U.S. ?	Delegates at the statewide convention picked state Sen. Ben Bagert over Secretary of State Fox McKeithen , state Rep. Quentin Dastugue of Metairie and Duke , also of Metairie .	0
Which former Ku Klux Klan member won an elected office in the U.S. ?	He was followed by Dastugue with 183 , McKeithen with 99 and Duke with 52 .	0
Which former Ku Klux Klan member won an elected office in the U.S. ?	Duke , 39 , won no more than 50 delegates at the caucuses and party officials said previously that he had little support among party regulars .	0
Which former Ku Klux Klan member won an elected office in the U.S. ?	Letters emphasizing Bush 's endorsement of Republican businessman John Treen in his state House race against David Duke were circulated throughout the district , and radio commercials featuring Reagan 's voice were broadcast throughout the day .	0
Which former Ku Klux Klan member won an elected office in the U.S. ?	Duke led a field of seven candidates with 33 % of the vote in the Jan. 21 primary .	0
Which former Ku Klux Klan member won an elected office in the U.S. ?	Bush and Reagan did not mention Duke in their endorsements , but state and national Republican officials made it clear that a Duke victory would harm the party .	0
Which former Ku Klux Klan member won an elected office in the U.S. ?	`` It has to be political favors being called in , '' Duke said after Treen received the presidential endorsements .	0
Which former Ku Klux Klan member won an elected office in the U.S. ?	Duke , 38 , publisher of a newspaper for the National Assn .	0
Which former Ku Klux Klan member won an elected office in the U.S. ?	`` This election is the greatest political upset in Louisiana history , maybe in American history , '' Duke said .	0
Which former Ku Klux Klan member won an elected office in the U.S. ?	Treen , a Metairie home builder and brother of the state 's former governor , David Treen , called Duke `` a disaster for our area . ''	0
Which former Ku Klux Klan member won an elected office in the U.S. ?	The usually run-of-the-mill election drew worldwide coverage after the controversial Duke surprised political observers by changing his party affiliation last December and entering a seven -man primary , capturing 33 % of the vote to Treen 's 19 % .	0
Which former Ku Klux Klan member won an elected office in the U.S. ?	`` David Duke is not a Republican , '' Republican National Chairman Lee Atwater said in a statement released by the party Saturday night .	0
Which former Ku Klux Klan member won an elected office in the U.S. ?	The motion would condemn Duke and deny him any form of party aid or assistance .	0
Which former Ku Klux Klan member won an elected office in the U.S. ?	Many other political and civic leaders also opposed Duke .	0
Which former Ku Klux Klan member won an elected office in the U.S. ?	Treen 's campaign sought to remind the voters of Duke 's past as a neo- Nazi follower of George Lincoln Rockwell and as the imperial wizard of a branch of the klan .	0
Which former Ku Klux Klan member won an elected office in the U.S. ?	In New Orleans , the Roman Catholic archbishop urged voters not to vote for Duke , while the president of Loyola University dispatched 785 letters to alumni in the district suggesting that they not vote for Duke .	0
Which former Ku Klux Klan member won an elected office in the U.S. ?	But Duke supporters said that Reagan and Bush , who received more than 80 % of the vote here in their presidential campaigns , were out of their element in this campaign .	0
Which former Ku Klux Klan member won an elected office in the U.S. ?	`` The people saw through the slime and the sham being spewed forth by our competition , '' said Howie Farrell , Duke 's campaign manager .	0
Which former Ku Klux Klan member won an elected office in the U.S. ?	Saturday 's election was Duke 's latest foray into politics .	0
Which former Ku Klux Klan member won an elected office in the U.S. ?	Duke , 38 , and Treen , 63 , have battled for a month to represent the almost all-white district in Metairie , a New Orleans suburb with about 21,000 voters .	0
Which former Ku Klux Klan member won an elected office in the U.S. ?	Fearing a Duke victory and an embarrassment for the GOP , President Bush and former President Ronald Reagan threw their considerable weight behind Treen , a longtime party functionary .	0
Which former Ku Klux Klan member won an elected office in the U.S. ?	`` I think we 're going to have a very fine victory , '' Duke said .	0
Which former Ku Klux Klan member won an elected office in the U.S. ?	Duke won 33 % of the vote to lead a field of seven in the Jan. 21 primary .	0
Which former Ku Klux Klan member won an elected office in the U.S. ?	It is an era that Duke claimed to be sorry for , but Treen said he did not believe that .	0
Which former Ku Klux Klan member won an elected office in the U.S. ?	people might think I 'm racially or religiously intolerant , '' Duke said .	0
Which former Ku Klux Klan member won an elected office in the U.S. ?	Duke left the Knights of the Ku Klux Klan in 1980 , accused by another leader of selling secret membership rolls .	0
Which former Ku Klux Klan member won an elected office in the U.S. ?	The final days of the race brought renewed charges that Duke still was associated with right-wing extremists , including ex- American Nazi leader Ralph Forbes of Arkansas .	0
Which former Ku Klux Klan member won an elected office in the U.S. ?	Duke acknowledged that Forbes had been campaign manager in his 1988 bid for the presidency as a member of the Populist Party .	0
Which former Ku Klux Klan member won an elected office in the U.S. ?	The motion filed by home builder John Treen asks that Duke 's candidacy be declared illegal because he lives outside the suburban New Orleans district that elected him .	0
Which former Ku Klux Klan member won an elected office in the U.S. ?	Rep. Odon Bacquet objected to letting Republican Duke take his seat , claiming that he did not meet the residency requirement , but Bacquet 's tactic failed when the House voted 69-33 to table his motion .	0
Which former Ku Klux Klan member won an elected office in the U.S. ?	Duke , who now heads the National Assn .	0
Which former Ku Klux Klan member won an elected office in the U.S. ?	Outside the Capitol , about 25 students -- both black and white -- chanted `` Do n't seat Duke , keep Duke out . ''	0
Which former Ku Klux Klan member won an elected office in the U.S. ?	Just before the House met , a state district judge in Metairie , which includes Duke 's district , refused a request by defeated House candidate John Treen for a restraining order to prevent his taking the seat .	0
Which former Ku Klux Klan member won an elected office in the U.S. ?	Party spokeswoman Leslie Goodman said 28 voting members of the party 's executive committee unanimously repudiated during a telephone vote Duke 's racist and anti-Semitic views and barred financial or other assistance for him .	0
Which former Ku Klux Klan member won an elected office in the U.S. ?	I always figured that David Duke would make something of himself .	0
Which former Ku Klux Klan member won an elected office in the U.S. ?	That 's because Republican leaders are worried that Duke , who has recently been running something called the National Assn .	0
Which former Ku Klux Klan member won an elected office in the U.S. ?	But while Duke insists on calling himself a Republican , the GOP is stuck with the former klansman .	0
Which former Ku Klux Klan member won an elected office in the U.S. ?	Despite his loony-sounding affiliations , Duke is not your typical political-fringe dingbat .	0
Which former Ku Klux Klan member won an elected office in the U.S. ?	I found that out in 1977 , when Duke first got widespread public attention outside of Louisiana .	0
Which former Ku Klux Klan member won an elected office in the U.S. ?	I was covering Mexican border issues for The Times , and ran across Duke when the 27-year-old racist hit on the idea of a Klan `` border watch . ''	0
Which former Ku Klux Klan member won an elected office in the U.S. ?	Duke had concluded that illegal immigrants from Mexico had joined blacks , Jews and the other assorted Klan bogymen as threats to white people in the United States .	0
Which former Ku Klux Klan member won an elected office in the U.S. ?	I spent most of that night monitoring all CB channels and heard nothing except Duke talking to his friends in the two other cars .	0
Which former Ku Klux Klan member won an elected office in the U.S. ?	It got even worse when I happened to run across Duke in Texas a few days later .	0
Which former Ku Klux Klan member won an elected office in the U.S. ?	We in the news media did not do ourselves proud in dealing with Duke in 1977 .	0
Which former Ku Klux Klan member won an elected office in the U.S. ?	The demonstrations that Latinos held against the Klan back then played into Duke 's hands , too , by increasing his notoriety .	0
Which former Ku Klux Klan member won an elected office in the U.S. ?	But as I ponder his recent success , I think there 's a way that Latinos can use Duke to their advantage this time .	0
Which former Ku Klux Klan member won an elected office in the U.S. ?	Duke 's victory is the logical extreme of Nixon 's cynical politics .	0
Which former Ku Klux Klan member won an elected office in the U.S. ?	But maybe with an embarrassment like Duke now sitting on their right flank , Republicans like Atwater will be more inclined to act on their good impulses as well as talk about them .	0
Which former Ku Klux Klan member won an elected office in the U.S. ?	Duke is somebody else 's problem now , but his reemergence has created an opportunity for minorities in the Republican Party .	0
Which former Ku Klux Klan member won an elected office in the U.S. ?	They must exploit what Duke symbolizes -- the same way he has eagerly exploited what minorities symbolize to many misguided people .	0
Which former Ku Klux Klan member won an elected office in the U.S. ?	`` I think the racists in this city are people like Jesse Jackson , '' Duke said at a Chicago news conference after addressing the national convention of the right-wing Populist Party of America .	0
Which former Ku Klux Klan member won an elected office in the U.S. ?	Jackson declined comment on Duke 's statements , except to say : `` I do n't think it 's an American point of view . ''	0
Which former Ku Klux Klan member won an elected office in the U.S. ?	The middle-aged white woman in the David Duke sweat shirt was pleasantly enthusiastic .	0
Which former Ku Klux Klan member won an elected office in the U.S. ?	Duke , who has made the jump from radical fringe to elected official , points to such people as proof that his message is becoming acceptable to the mainstream .	0
Which former Ku Klux Klan member won an elected office in the U.S. ?	for the Advancement of White People , Duke won election to the Louisiana Legislature by talking about the high birth rate among unwed women on welfare and claiming that whites are victimized by civil rights laws .	0
Which former Ku Klux Klan member won an elected office in the U.S. ?	Duke is not alone in his thinking .	0
Which former Ku Klux Klan member won an elected office in the U.S. ?	Some dismiss Duke 's election by just 200 votes as an anomaly ; his suburban New Orleans district is 99 % white .	0
Which former Ku Klux Klan member won an elected office in the U.S. ?	But Suall and other trackers of racial tension believe that disparate events , such as Duke 's slim victory at the polls and the rise of the racist skinhead subculture , are warning signs to be taken seriously .	0
Which former Ku Klux Klan member won an elected office in the U.S. ?	At a shopping mall on the edge of Duke 's district , a white woman in her 30s offered her opinion but would not give her name :	0
Which former Ku Klux Klan member won an elected office in the U.S. ?	`` Or , '' he said , `` these people can vote for a David Duke in the belief they can protect what is mine . ''	0
Which former Ku Klux Klan member won an elected office in the U.S. ?	Duke , however , believes that he is only the first to tap a growing sentiment .	0
Which former Ku Klux Klan member won an elected office in the U.S. ?	Duke Sees a Trend	0
Which former Ku Klux Klan member won an elected office in the U.S. ?	Duke was elected after several unsuccessful attempts .	0
Which former Ku Klux Klan member won an elected office in the U.S. ?	The differences between then and now , says Duke , are the sophistication of his organization and a change in the mood of the voters .	0
Which former Ku Klux Klan member won an elected office in the U.S. ?	Whether Duke 's rhetoric and its success will carry over in other parts of the country remains to be seen .	0
Which former Ku Klux Klan member won an elected office in the U.S. ?	Duke says he has been contacted by more than 200 candidates or elected officials interested in his campaign .	0
Which former Ku Klux Klan member won an elected office in the U.S. ?	Duke , a Republican from Metairie , branded the House action as `` cowardice . ''	0
Which former Ku Klux Klan member won an elected office in the U.S. ?	Duke vowed to fight to have his measure tacked onto another bill as an amendment .	0
Which former Ku Klux Klan member won an elected office in the U.S. ?	Duke , however , is unlike his demagogic predecessors .	0
Which former Ku Klux Klan member won an elected office in the U.S. ?	But his message is the same old line in `` new '' Duke code .	0
Which former Ku Klux Klan member won an elected office in the U.S. ?	In discounting Duke 's chances , pundits like to cite a Johnston poll that put Duke 's negative rating at 48 % , a number that would scare most politicians into retirement .	0
Which former Ku Klux Klan member won an elected office in the U.S. ?	One reason is that Duke 's is a campaign in perpetuity .	0
Which former Ku Klux Klan member won an elected office in the U.S. ?	But sensing Duke 's blue-collar support , state GOP leaders rejected Rickey 's motions , thereby handing the former Klansman a mantle of legitimacy .	0
Which former Ku Klux Klan member won an elected office in the U.S. ?	The Faustian pact backfired when two ex- Nazis and a former Klan activist showed up as Duke delegates to the convention that nominated Bagert , who was a Democrat until 1988 .	0
Which former Ku Klux Klan member won an elected office in the U.S. ?	Now Duke is outpacing his party 's own candidate .	0
Which former Ku Klux Klan member won an elected office in the U.S. ?	Duke also enjoys some support on Louisiana 's campuses .	0
Which former Ku Klux Klan member won an elected office in the U.S. ?	Lance Hill , a doctoral student researching the Duke phenomenon at Tulane , which has such a union , believes that most new recruits to the Nazi movement will come from these unions .	0
Which former Ku Klux Klan member won an elected office in the U.S. ?	Drawing crowds of 800 to 1,000 , Duke routinely calls for -- and gets -- a show of hands of those with a friend or relative afflicted with cancer .	0
Which former Ku Klux Klan member won an elected office in the U.S. ?	As a state representative , Duke has yet to sponsor a bill that became a law .	0
Which former Ku Klux Klan member won an elected office in the U.S. ?	Only its main events are reported , with the paper devoting no space to how Duke built his National Assn .	0
Which former Ku Klux Klan member won an elected office in the U.S. ?	It advocates sterilizing welfare mothers , which Duke translates as `` birth-control incentives '' in his speeches .	0
Which former Ku Klux Klan member won an elected office in the U.S. ?	To fill the Duke -fact gap , the coalition has become an informational clearinghouse , with Rickey and Hill briefing media across the state .	0
Which former Ku Klux Klan member won an elected office in the U.S. ?	Still , too many journalists do not question such Duke statements as : `` I was never involved in any illegal activity , and I do n't condone illegal activity . ''	0
Which former Ku Klux Klan member won an elected office in the U.S. ?	In truth , Duke was convicted , in 1979 , of inciting a riot outside a hotel in the district he now represents .	0
Which former Ku Klux Klan member won an elected office in the U.S. ?	Duke 's anti- media campaign spares no adversary , no matter how small .	0
Which former Ku Klux Klan member won an elected office in the U.S. ?	In early May , publisher Harrell Griffin of the St. Helena Echo , a rural weekly , refused to run a Duke advertisement .	0
Which former Ku Klux Klan member won an elected office in the U.S. ?	That week , Duke spoke at a packed hall in Chalmette , a suburb of New Orleans .	0
Which former Ku Klux Klan member won an elected office in the U.S. ?	When Duke scoffed at the Martin Luther King Jr. holiday , one man piped : `` Kill another one ! ''	0
Which former Ku Klux Klan member won an elected office in the U.S. ?	Duke appeals to the fears of people who see their living standards declining amid rising crime and drug abuse .	0
Which former Ku Klux Klan member won an elected office in the U.S. ?	Duke spoke of his `` employment working with the State Department `` in Laos in 1970 .	0
Which former Ku Klux Klan member won an elected office in the U.S. ?	According to Retired Lt. Col. James May , who was Duke 's senior ROTC instructor : `` His affiliation with Nazism precluded him from getting a commission .	0
Which former Ku Klux Klan member won an elected office in the U.S. ?	The State Department has no record of Duke 's employment .	0
Which former Ku Klux Klan member won an elected office in the U.S. ?	Like Jimmy Swaggart , another folk hero sprung from these latitudes , Duke is a walking psychodrama , challenging reporters to separate fact from the many fictions of his speech .	0
Which former Ku Klux Klan member won an elected office in the U.S. ?	Yet surely many voted for Duke to send a message , not to embrace the messenger .	0
Which former Ku Klux Klan member won an elected office in the U.S. ?	Whites cast ballots for Duke ; blacks stayed home , with turnout 15 % less than whites , despite the threat that Duke posed .	0
Which former Ku Klux Klan member won an elected office in the U.S. ?	Duke made affirmative action the threat -- `` they 're going to take your job . ''	0
Which former Ku Klux Klan member won an elected office in the U.S. ?	One Duke voter told of a friend who could not get a scholarship to college , while an African-American got one despite a lower grade average .	0
Which former Ku Klux Klan member won an elected office in the U.S. ?	The vote for Duke is good cause for alarm , but his defeat should not go unnoticed .	0
Which former Ku Klux Klan member won an elected office in the U.S. ?	Forty years ago , a David Duke might have won the Senate seat , running as a Democrat .	0
Which former Ku Klux Klan member won an elected office in the U.S. ?	To treat Duke as an exception is a deception .	0
Which former Ku Klux Klan member won an elected office in the U.S. ?	But what distinguishes Duke from the mainstream Republican Party is his baggage , not his beliefs .	0
Which former Ku Klux Klan member won an elected office in the U.S. ?	Duke is manipulating the same racial symbols as the Republican Party did under Ronald Reagan and George Bush .	0
Which former Ku Klux Klan member won an elected office in the U.S. ?	The Klan robes Duke wore in the past are an embarrassment , but his current views fit Republican fashion .	0
Which former Ku Klux Klan member won an elected office in the U.S. ?	David Duke did better among the young than the old , among males than females .	0
Which former Ku Klux Klan member won an elected office in the U.S. ?	`` The President and the Congress are getting my message , '' Duke said in a hallway interview .	0
Which former Ku Klux Klan member won an elected office in the U.S. ?	for the Advancement of White People , founded by Duke .	0
Which former Ku Klux Klan member won an elected office in the U.S. ?	The Louisiana GOP plans to endorse a candidate Jan. 12 , but Duke said that he probably will run even if he is not the party 's choice .	0
Which former Ku Klux Klan member won an elected office in the U.S. ?	Duke , who in the past has been associated with the far-right Populist Party , disavowed his racist beliefs when he was sworn in as a state representative .	0
Which former Ku Klux Klan member won an elected office in the U.S. ?	The delegates elected at the caucuses , however , had not been required to support the candidate they said they would vote for .	0
Which former Ku Klux Klan member won an elected office in the U.S. ?	He said he would oppose Johnston regardless of whether he won the GOP endorsement .	0
Which former Ku Klux Klan member won an elected office in the U.S. ?	In 1975 he ran for a state Senate seat , making no attempt to hide his klan affiliation , and won a third of the vote in an affluent Baton Rouge district .	0
Which former Ku Klux Klan member won an elected office in the U.S. ?	In 1979 , he ran for the 10th District Senate seat in Metairie and won about a fourth of the vote .	0
Which former Ku Klux Klan member won an elected office in the U.S. ?	In 1988 , he ran for the presidency as a member of the Populist Party .	0
Which former Ku Klux Klan member won an elected office in the U.S. ?	The seat opened up when Metairie 's representative was elected to a judgeship with about three years left in a four-year term .	0
Which former Ku Klux Klan member won an elected office in the U.S. ?	Spokesman for Klan	0
Which former Ku Klux Klan member won an elected office in the U.S. ?	But he had to overcome a Republican opponent endorsed by some GOP heavyweights -- including President Bush and former President Reagan -- to do it .	0
Which former Ku Klux Klan member won an elected office in the U.S. ?	So he announced that Klan members would begin patrolling the border to help the U.S. Border Patrol catch illegal aliens .	0
Which former Ku Klux Klan member won an elected office in the U.S. ?	He and seven other men showed up in three old sedans that had hand-painted `` Klan Border Watch `` signs taped on their doors .	0
Which former Ku Klux Klan member won an elected office in the U.S. ?	We also stirred up anxiety among Chicano activists , and many became agitated at the thought of Latinos being threatened by the Klan .	0
Which former Ku Klux Klan member won an elected office in the U.S. ?	Next to them is a group of protesters , symbolizing minority groups who have been victimized by the Klan , said Baca , an assistant art professor .	0
Which former Ku Klux Klan member won an elected office in the U.S. ?	`` He 's for fair play for all , '' she said of the former Ku Klux Klan leader she had come to hear .	0
Which former Ku Klux Klan member won an elected office in the U.S. ?	Martin Lipset , a Stanford University sociologist , said he believes that other white-rights candidates may be elected to local offices , `` but they 're dead if they have any ambitions to go further . ''	0
Which former Ku Klux Klan member won an elected office in the U.S. ?	The shrinking middle class sees those in power have nothing left to offer , '' said Tom Metzger , the former Klan leader who heads the separatist White Ayran Resistance , which has courted the skinheads .	0
Which former Ku Klux Klan member won an elected office in the U.S. ?	A multiracial coalition reelected Bennett Johnston , as such coalitions have elected Democrats from Gov. Douglas Wilder in Virginia and Sen. Wyche Fowler in Georgia .	0
Which former Ku Klux Klan member won an elected office in the U.S. ?	Unless we plow a new course , we leave fallow fields in which the David Dukes flourish like weeds in the summer .	0
Which former Ku Klux Klan member won an elected office in the U.S. ?	Former Mayor Dutch Morial , the city 's first black mayor , advertised in 1981 for a firm to remove the monument from the center of a tiny traffic circle .	0
Which former Ku Klux Klan member won an elected office in the U.S. ?	He was elected last February to the state Legislature .	0
Which former Ku Klux Klan member won an elected office in the U.S. ?	Since leaving the klan in the 1970s , he has headed the National Assn .	0
Who won two gold medals in skiing in the Olympic Games in Calgary ?	The so-called Big Three -- Marc Girardelli , Pirmin Zurbriggen and Alberto Tomba -- went head-to-head on Vail Mountain Thursday in a giant slalom that was also one of the last stops on Ingemar Stenmark 's farewell tour .	0
Who won two gold medals in skiing in the Olympic Games in Calgary ?	As for the others , Girardelli finished fourth ; Stenmark came in sixth , and Tomba , the 1988 Olympic giant slalom gold medalist , wound up seventh after bouncing up from a near-spill in the first run .	0
Who won two gold medals in skiing in the Olympic Games in Calgary ?	So , Zurbriggen , who was second in Wednesday 's super- G race , Tomba and Stenmark have just one more shot left at a gold medal , in the slalom on Sunday .	0
Who won two gold medals in skiing in the Olympic Games in Calgary ?	What most people here were talking about between runs was Tomba 's spectacular recovery .	0
Who won two gold medals in skiing in the Olympic Games in Calgary ?	`` I was just unlucky , '' Tomba said .	0
Who won two gold medals in skiing in the Olympic Games in Calgary ?	None of them , however , could head off blond , wiry Rudolf Nierlich , who gave Austria its second gold medal of the World Alpine Ski Championships .	0
Who won two gold medals in skiing in the Olympic Games in Calgary ?	Zurbriggen , who won this event in the 1987 championships on home snow at Crans - Montana , Switzerland , managed to escape with the bronze , just behind Nierlich 's roommate , Helmut Mayer .	0
Who won two gold medals in skiing in the Olympic Games in Calgary ?	but despite a problem near the middle of the course , Nierlich was only 0.45 seconds slower and ended up getting the gold by a 1.62-second margin with a total time of 2 : 37.66 .	0
Who won two gold medals in skiing in the Olympic Games in Calgary ?	`` I am skiing for my own pleasure now , '' he said after earning his second medal in 2 days .	0
Who won two gold medals in skiing in the Olympic Games in Calgary ?	Two of the older hands , Felix McGrath and Tiger Shaw , did n't fare as well .	0
Who won two gold medals in skiing in the Olympic Games in Calgary ?	Southland competitors contributed substantially to the U.S. team 's success -- which included 35 gold medals to West Germany 's 16 -- in several divisions :	0
Who won two gold medals in skiing in the Olympic Games in Calgary ?	Evangelatos , who swept the gold medals in his division at last year 's nationals , will not be able to defend his titles , however .	0
Who won two gold medals in skiing in the Olympic Games in Calgary ?	He is proficient in several sports and has only recently added skiing to his activities .	0
Who won two gold medals in skiing in the Olympic Games in Calgary ?	Skiing Notes	0
Who won two gold medals in skiing in the Olympic Games in Calgary ?	Bear Mountain , at Big Bear Lake , will stage the Jose Cuervo Games of Winter , a mixture of events , today , then hold the Chevrolet Truck All-American Ski Outing Sunday .	0
Who followed Willy Brandt as chancellor of the Federal Republic of Germany ?	The Social Democratic Party of Germany -LSB- SPD -RSB- is currently the only party that can present a consistent foreign policy concept , which is completely in the tradition of the foreign policies of Willy Brandt and Helmut Schmidt .	0
Who followed Willy Brandt as chancellor of the Federal Republic of Germany ?	-LSB- Rosenbaum -RSB- In view of the new threats from the East -- keyword Zhirinovskiy -- might the voters not finally prefer to leave the present Federal Government in office ?	0
Who followed Willy Brandt as chancellor of the Federal Republic of Germany ?	In the field of European integration , the chancellor 's basic policies are supported by the SPD .	0
Who followed Willy Brandt as chancellor of the Federal Republic of Germany ?	-LSB- Scharping -RSB- I proceed on the assumption that in the Federal Assembly there are , independent of party membership , enough autonomous women and men who will make their decision for Germany 's best benefit .	0
Who followed Willy Brandt as chancellor of the Federal Republic of Germany ?	However , I add the following : From my point of view , the Federal Government can move earlier .	0
Who followed Willy Brandt as chancellor of the Federal Republic of Germany ?	-LSB- Rosenbaum -RSB- If you were chancellor , would you raise these questions anew ?	0
Who followed Willy Brandt as chancellor of the Federal Republic of Germany ?	-LSB- Scharping -RSB- Yes , then I would be able to do so because all these are questions whose organization is controlled by the Federal Government and the chancellor .	0
What is Grenada 's main commodity export ?	'The nutmeg industry represents the major foreign currency earner for Grenada , ' confirmed Mr Noel .	1
What is Grenada 's main commodity export ?	The price collapse has been particularly painful to Grenada for which nutmeg is the main commodity export .	1
What is Grenada 's main commodity export ?	THE WORLD 'S two largest nutmeg producers are contemplating the destruction of about 10,000 tonnes of stocks as part of an effort to stiffen the market and improve prices .	0
What is Grenada 's main commodity export ?	Indonesia produces 75 per cent of the world 's nutmeg and Grenada 23 per cent .	0
What is Grenada 's main commodity export ?	In 1986 , before the cartel was established , the world price for nutmeg was about USDollars 1,000 a tonne .	0
What is Grenada 's main commodity export ?	Nutmeg is a significant foreign currency earner for the Caribbean island but represents only a part of a larger spice industry in Indonesia .	0
What is Grenada 's main commodity export ?	Under the agreement creating the cartel , the Indonesian producers undertook to sell their high quality nutmeg at between Dollars 6,800 and Dollars 7,000 a tonne and low quality at between Dollars 1,000 and Dollars 1,200 a tonne .	0
What is Grenada 's main commodity export ?	For their part , the Grenadians committed themselves to minimum prices of Dollars 6,650 a tonne for their best nutmeg and Dollars 5,575 a tonne for poorer quality .	0
What is Grenada 's main commodity export ?	Indonesia 's high quality mace , the red lacy substance that surrounds nutmeg , had a minimum price of Dollars 13,500 a tonne , with low quality not being sold below Dollars 6,000 a tonne .	0
What is Grenada 's main commodity export ?	The two producers ' groups also agreed to control the volume of nutmeg and mace placed on the market in order to maintain price stability .	0
What is Grenada 's main commodity export ?	By 1989 Grenadians were accusing the Indonesians of reneging on the pact by selling nutmeg and mace below the minimum prices .	0
What is Grenada 's main commodity export ?	THE WORLD 'S two leading nutmeg producers , Grenada and Indonesia , are trying to find common ground on which they can control supply and strengthen the world market for the spice .	0
What is Grenada 's main commodity export ?	Neither Grenada nor Indonesia are willing to say specifically how the new arrangement will work , and the extent of any likely cuts in nutmeg supplies .	0
What is Grenada 's main commodity export ?	Before it was established , the world price for nutmeg was about Dollars 1,000 a tonne .	0
What is Grenada 's main commodity export ?	The Grenadians had committed themselves to a minimum price of Dollars 6,650 a tonne for their best nutmeg , with a minimum price for poorer quality nutmeg was Dollars 5,575 a tonne .	0
What is Grenada 's main commodity export ?	Grenada 's earnings from nutmeg exports fell from Dollars 18.1m in 1989 to Dollars 4.5m last year .	0
What is Grenada 's main commodity export ?	'The purchasers of nutmeg do not usually note that the Grenadian product is of a higher quality , ' the prime minister says .	0
What is Grenada 's main commodity export ?	Nutmeg exporters in the two main producing countries have agreed on a plan to stabilise and then to increase world market prices for the spice , but have steered clear of recreating the cartel that collapsed six years ago .	0
What is Grenada 's main commodity export ?	The agreement follows discussions between the Grenada Co-operative Nutmeg Association and 35 of the leading exporters in Indonesia , according to Grenadian officials .	0
What is Grenada 's main commodity export ?	Indonesia produces about 75 per cent of the world 's nutmeg , with the eastern Caribbean island having a 23 per cent share .	0
What is Grenada 's main commodity export ?	Industry officials said that , while not setting prices , the two producer groups would co-operate in monitoring the volume of nutmeg that was offered for sale on the world market .	0
What is Grenada 's main commodity export ?	When the cartel was established the Grenadian association and Aspin , the Indonesian producers ' group , agreed minimum prices for premium and lower grade nutmeg that were about four times higher than the going price of Dollars 1,000 .	0
What is Grenada 's main commodity export ?	Indonesian producers had now agreed with the Grenadians that an increase in the price of nutmeg was needed , said Mr Robertson .	0
What is Grenada 's main commodity export ?	The producers will also attempt to cut commodity brokers out of the industry , and try to market directly to consumers .	0
What is Grenada 's main commodity export ?	'This will allow us to bypass the commodity brokers .	0
At what age did Rossini stop writing opera ?	`` Yet , in his mid-30s , he decided to stop writing music and travel and experience life . ''	1
At what age did Rossini stop writing opera ?	Maverick film maker Robert Altman will go to Italy this fall to shoot his next project , a biography of 19th-Century Italian composer Gioacchino Rossini , whom Altman calls `` the Mick Jagger of his day . ''	0
Who is the founder of Scientology ?	The family , which belongs to the Church of Scientology , apparently adhered to beliefs espoused by the church 's late founder , L. Ron Hubbard -- particularly , a disdain for psychiatric treatment .	1
Who is the founder of Scientology ?	The association afforded Bishop a ready pool of students -- the children of people affiliated with Scientology founder L. Ron Hubbard 's movement .	1
Who is the founder of Scientology ?	`` I do n't want to get so far out that they think I 'm L. Ron Hubbard , '' said the Rev. Dick Bernal of San Jose , referring to the late science fiction writer and Scientology founder .	1
Who is the founder of Scientology ?	Church leaders have long argued that their sacred scriptures -- written by the late Scientology founder L. Ron Hubbard -- mandate the payment of fixed donations .	1
Who is the founder of Scientology ?	Scientology founder L. Ron Hubbard often said that man 's most basic drive is that of survival .	1
Who is the founder of Scientology ?	The goal is to refurbish the tarnished image of Scientology founder L. Ron Hubbard and elevate him to the ranks of history 's great humanitarians and thinkers .	1
Who is the founder of Scientology ?	Although these profit-making firms operate independently of each other , they sell the same product : Scientology founder Hubbard 's methods for running a profitable enterprise .	1
Who is the founder of Scientology ?	The Church of Scientology 's self-help ideology is based on the writings of science fiction author L. Ron Hubbard , its founder .	1
Who is the founder of Scientology ?	Materials used by Cry Out were prepared by Author Services Inc. , the literary agency for Hubbard , the late founder of Scientology , according to an investigation earlier this year by The Times .	1
Who is the founder of Scientology ?	She stopped paying the fees but continued to use Hubbard 's techniques .	0
Who is the founder of Scientology ?	During his lifetime , Hubbard had written letters to the FBI , the White House and the Veterans Administration , letters that biographer Miller obtained through a Freedom of Information request .	0
Who is the founder of Scientology ?	He planned to quote from the letters in an effort to show that Hubbard was a fraud and a liar .	0
Who is the founder of Scientology ?	The ruling involving the Hubbard materials went further , and , in appeals to the high court , the Assn .	0
Who is the founder of Scientology ?	of American Publishers described the rulings in the Salinger and Hubbard cases as `` a one-two punch landed by the 2nd Circuit on historical and scholarly publishing .	0
Who is the founder of Scientology ?	Hubbard , under his `` doctrine of exchange , '' contended that a person must learn to give as well as to receive .	0
Who is the founder of Scientology ?	The organization has been in and out of court for years , battling dozens of suits filed by former members who have charged that they were defrauded and harassed by Hubbard 's followers .	0
Who is the founder of Scientology ?	L. Ron Hubbard enjoyed being pampered .	0
Who is the founder of Scientology ?	The youngsters , whose parents belonged to Hubbard 's Church of Scientology , would lay out his clothes , run his shower and help him dress .	0
Who is the founder of Scientology ?	When Hubbard 's bursitis acted up , a messenger would wrap his shoulders in a lumberjack shirt that had been warmed on a heater .	0
Who is the founder of Scientology ?	Long gone were those days when Hubbard was scratching out a living .	0
Who is the founder of Scientology ?	It was a high honor for Scientologists to serve beside Hubbard , even if it meant performing such dreary tasks as ironing his clothes or ferrying his messages .	0
Who is the founder of Scientology ?	The privileged few who worked at his side saw personality flaws and quirks not reflected in the staged photographs or in Hubbard 's biographies .	0
Who is the founder of Scientology ?	When upset , Hubbard was known to erupt like a volcano , spewing obscenities and insults .	0
Who is the founder of Scientology ?	Former Scientologist Adelle Hartwell once testified during a Florida hearing on Scientology that she saw Hubbard `` throw fits . ''	0
Who is the founder of Scientology ?	Hubbard had been hotheaded since his youth , when his red hair earned him the nickname `` Brick . ''	0
Who is the founder of Scientology ?	Hubbard wrestled with the teacher , then stuffed him into a trash can , said Richardson .	0
Who is the founder of Scientology ?	Richardson said that , while the students helped their teacher , Hubbard stormed out and never returned .	0
Who is the founder of Scientology ?	In later life , one thing that could throw the irascible Hubbard into a rage was the scent of soap in his clothes .	0
Who is the founder of Scientology ?	To protect themselves from a Hubbard tirade , the messengers rinsed his clothes in 13 separate buckets of water .	0
Who is the founder of Scientology ?	Doreen Gillham , who had who spent her teen years with Hubbard , never forgot what happened when a longtime aide offered him a freshly laundered shirt after he had taken a shower .	0
Who is the founder of Scientology ?	Gillham said that Hubbard had become obsessed not only with soap smells but with dust , which aggravated his allergies .	0
Who is the founder of Scientology ?	Gillham , formerly one of Hubbard 's most loyal and trusted messengers , said his behavior became increasingly erratic after he crashed a motorcycle in the Canary Islands in the early 1970s .	0
Who is the founder of Scientology ?	According to those who knew him well , Hubbard was neither affectionate nor much of a family man .	0
Who is the founder of Scientology ?	Hubbard expected his children to live up to the family name and do nothing that would reflect badly on him or the church .	0
Who is the founder of Scientology ?	`` He thought Quentin was an embarrassment , '' said Laurel Sullivan , Hubbard 's former public relations officer , who had a falling out with the organization in 1981 .	0
Who is the founder of Scientology ?	When Hubbard was told of the suicide , `` he did n't cry or anything , '' according to a former aide .	0
Who is the founder of Scientology ?	Hubbard also had problems with another son , his namesake , L. Ron Hubbard Jr .	0
Who is the founder of Scientology ?	Hubbard feuded with his eldest son for more than 25 years , dating back to 1959 when L. Ron Hubbard Jr. split with Scientology because he said he was not making enough money to support his family .	0
Who is the founder of Scientology ?	For his part , Hubbard accused his son of being crazy .	0
Who is the founder of Scientology ?	Although Hubbard cast himself as a humble servant to mankind , former assistants said he was not without ego .	0
Who is the founder of Scientology ?	`` Time and again since 1950 , '' Hubbard said in 1982 , `` the vested interests which pretend to run the world -LRB- for their own appetites and profit -RRB- have mounted full-scale attacks .	0
Who is the founder of Scientology ?	Former Scientologist Hartwell told the Florida hearing that she was present when Hubbard made a film about `` bombing the FBI office . ''	0
Who is the founder of Scientology ?	`` And we could n't get enough on them to suit Hubbard .	0
Who is the founder of Scientology ?	Even before Scientology , Hubbard believed that unseen forces were against him .	0
Who is the founder of Scientology ?	`` I watched him operate , '' said `` Dianetics '' publisher Arthur Ceppos , who later split with Hubbard .	0
Who is the founder of Scientology ?	Eventually , 11 top Scientologists were jailed , including Hubbard 's wife Mary Sue , who oversaw the sweeping operation .	0
Who is the founder of Scientology ?	Hubbard was named as an unindicted co-conspirator .	0
Who is the founder of Scientology ?	Hubbard and three trusted aides , fearing that his enemies had at long last gained the upper hand , ran for cover .	0
Who is the founder of Scientology ?	`` When the raids happened he never really knew what they -LRB- the FBI -RRB- had , '' recalled Dede Reisdorf , one of those who accompanied Hubbard .	0
Who is the founder of Scientology ?	To disguise Hubbard 's appearance , Reisdorf said , she cut his red hair and dyed it brown .	0
Who is the founder of Scientology ?	It was not the last time Hubbard would go into hiding .	0
Who is the founder of Scientology ?	In 1980 , on St. Valentine 's Day , Hubbard pulled another disappearing act .	0
Who is the founder of Scientology ?	Hubbard was last seen publicly in February 1980 , in the desert community of Hemet , a few miles from a high-security compound that houses the church 's movie and recording studio .	0
Who is the founder of Scientology ?	The church said Hubbard went into seclusion to continue his Scientology research and to resurrect his science fiction-writing career .	0
Who is the founder of Scientology ?	Publications throughout the world ran stories about Hubbard 's disappearance .	0
Who is the founder of Scientology ?	In 1982 , Hubbard 's estranged son filed a probate petition trying to wrest control of the Scientology empire .	0
Who is the founder of Scientology ?	The suit was dismissed after Hubbard , through an attorney , submitted an affidavit with his fingerprints , saying that he was well and wanted to be left alone .	0
Who is the founder of Scientology ?	No doubt , Hubbard would have chuckled with satisfaction over the speculation surrounding his whereabouts .	0
Who is the founder of Scientology ?	Hubbard took with him only two people , a married couple named Pat and Anne Broeker .	0
Who is the founder of Scientology ?	Pat Broeker , Hubbard 's personal messenger at the time , had gone into hiding with him once before and knew how to ensure his security .	0
Who is the founder of Scientology ?	His nickname among Hubbard 's other messengers was `` 007 . ''	0
Who is the founder of Scientology ?	Anne had been one of Hubbard 's top aides for years .	0
Who is the founder of Scientology ?	She was cool under pressure and able to defuse Hubbard 's volatile temper .	0
Who is the founder of Scientology ?	Hubbard and the Broekers spent their first several years together on the move .	0
Who is the founder of Scientology ?	Then , in the summer of 1983 , they decided to settle down in a dusty ranch town called Creston , population 270 , where the hot , arid climate would be kind to Hubbard 's bursitis .	0
Who is the founder of Scientology ?	Hubbard and the Broekers concocted an elaborate set of phony names and backgrounds to conceal their identities from the townsfolk .	0
Who is the founder of Scientology ?	Hubbard became Lisa 's father , Jack , who impressed the locals as a chatty old man , charismatic but sometimes gruff .	0
Who is the founder of Scientology ?	In less than three years , Hubbard poured an estimated $ 3 million into the local economy as he redesigned the ranch to his exacting and elaborate specifications .	0
Who is the founder of Scientology ?	The 10 -room ranch house was gutted and remodeled so many times that it went virtually uninhabited during Hubbard 's time there .	0
Who is the founder of Scientology ?	All this was done without work permits , which meant that Hubbard and his aides would not have to worry about nosy county inspectors .	0
Who is the founder of Scientology ?	Like Hubbard 's aides in earlier years , the hired help saw extreme sides of the man who was chauffeured around the property in a black Subaru pickup by Anne Broeker .	0
Who is the founder of Scientology ?	Several days later , Froelicher said , Hubbard presented him with a 35mm camera as a gift .	0
Who is the founder of Scientology ?	Scientology officials insist that Hubbard was in fine mental and physical health during his years in seclusion .	0
Who is the founder of Scientology ?	But Hubbard was doing much more , according to former aides .	0
Who is the founder of Scientology ?	As early as 1966 , Hubbard claimed to have relinquished managerial control of the church .	0
Who is the founder of Scientology ?	But ex- Scientologists and several court rulings have held that this was a maneuver to shield Hubbard from potential legal actions and accountability for the group 's activities .	0
Who is the founder of Scientology ?	Over the years , efforts to conceal Hubbard 's ties to the church were extensive and extreme .	0
Who is the founder of Scientology ?	`` Anything that indicated that L. Ron Hubbard controlled the church or was engaged in management was to be shredded , '' recalled Hubbard 's former public relations officer , Laurel Sullivan .	0
Who is the founder of Scientology ?	In his self-imposed exile , Hubbard continued to reign over Scientology with almost paranoid secrecy .	0
Who is the founder of Scientology ?	Hubbard 's communiques travelled a circuitous route in the darkness of night , changing hands from Broeker to Miscavige at designated sites throughout Southern California .	0
Who is the founder of Scientology ?	To mask the author 's identity , the missives were signed with codes that carried the weight of Hubbard 's signature .	0
Who is the founder of Scientology ?	Sometimes Broeker himself appeared from parts unknown to personally deliver Hubbard 's instructions to church executives .	0
Who is the founder of Scientology ?	They alleged that Hubbard skimmed millions of dollars from church coffers while he was in hiding -- carrying on a tradition that the Internal Revenue Service said he began practically at Scientology 's inception about 30 years ago .	0
Who is the founder of Scientology ?	Hubbard and his aides had always denied the allegations , and accused the IRS of waging a campaign against the church and its founder .	0
Who is the founder of Scientology ?	While Hubbard was underground , the IRS launched a criminal probe of his finances .	0
Who is the founder of Scientology ?	By late 1985 , Hubbard 's directives to underlings had tapered off .	0
Who is the founder of Scientology ?	On or about Jan. 17 , 1986 , Hubbard suffered a `` cerebral vascular accident , '' commonly known as a stroke .	0
Who is the founder of Scientology ?	Caring for him was Gene Denk , a Scientologist doctor and Hubbard 's physician for eight years .	0
Who is the founder of Scientology ?	There was little Denk could do for Hubbard in those final days -- the stroke was debilitating .	0
Who is the founder of Scientology ?	One week later , at 8 p.m. on Friday , Jan. 24 , Hubbard died .	0
Who is the founder of Scientology ?	For more than 11 hours , Hubbard 's body remained in the motor home where he died .	0
Who is the founder of Scientology ?	Scientology attorney Earle Cooley had ordered that Hubbard not be touched until he arrived by car from Los Angeles with another Scientology lawyer .	0
Who is the founder of Scientology ?	With Cooley present , Hubbard was transported to the mortuary .	0
Who is the founder of Scientology ?	Once chapel officials learned who Hubbard was , however , they became concerned about the church 's rush to cremate him .	0
Who is the founder of Scientology ?	When then-Deputy Coroner Don Hines arrived , Cooley presented him with a certificate that Hubbard had signed just four days before his death .	0
Who is the founder of Scientology ?	With Cooley 's consent , he also photographed the body and lifted fingerprints as a way to later confirm that it was the reclusive Hubbard and not a hoax .	0
Who is the founder of Scientology ?	Within hours , Hubbard 's ashes were scattered at sea by the Broekers and Miscavige .	0
Who is the founder of Scientology ?	Two days after Hubbard 's death , Pat Broeker stood before a standing-room-only crowd of Scientologists at the Hollywood Palladium .	0
Who is the founder of Scientology ?	It was his first public appearance in six years , and he had just broken the news of Hubbard 's passing .	0
Who is the founder of Scientology ?	Broeker announced that Hubbard had made a conscious decision to `` sever all ties '' to this world so he could continue his Scientology research in spirit form -- testimony to the power of the man and his teachings .	0
Who is the founder of Scientology ?	Hubbard left behind an organization that would continue to function as though he were still alive .	0
Who is the founder of Scientology ?	By so doing , the church hopes to broaden the acceptability of Hubbard 's Scientology teachings and attract millions of new members .	0
Who is the founder of Scientology ?	Scientologists are disseminating Hubbard 's writings in public and private school classrooms across the U.S. , using groups that seldom publicize their Scientology connections .	0
Who is the founder of Scientology ?	In the business world , Scientologists have established highly successful private consulting firms to promote Hubbard as a management expert , with a goal of harvesting new , affluent members .	0
Who is the founder of Scientology ?	The organizations have been busy trying to sell government agencies a chemical detoxification treatment developed by Hubbard .	0
Who is the founder of Scientology ?	In 1980 , 11 top church leaders -- including Hubbard 's wife -- were imprisoned for bugging and burglarizing government offices as part of a shadowy conspiracy to discredit the church 's perceived enemies .	0
Who is the founder of Scientology ?	But as the movement attempts to broaden its reach , evidence is mounting that Hubbard 's devotees are engaging in practices that , while not unlawful , have begun to stir memories of its troubled past .	0
Who is the founder of Scientology ?	The Scientology movement has launched a concerted campaign to gain a foothold in the nation 's schools by distributing to children millions of copies of a booklet Hubbard wrote on basic moral values .	0
Who is the founder of Scientology ?	The program is designed to win recognition for Hubbard as an educator and moralist and , at the same time , introduce him to the nation 's youth .	0
Who is the founder of Scientology ?	The pocket-size booklet , entitled `` The Way to Happiness , '' is a compilation of widely agreed upon values that Hubbard put into writing in 1981 .	0
Who is the founder of Scientology ?	The booklet notes in small print that it was written by Hubbard as `` an individual and is not part of any religious doctrine . ''	0
Who is the founder of Scientology ?	Her group runs a nationwide contest encouraging students to stay off drugs by following the precepts in Hubbard 's booklet .	0
Who is the founder of Scientology ?	In Louisiana , a junior high school distributed Hubbard 's booklet to students and then had them pledge in writing :	0
Who is the founder of Scientology ?	At contest awards ceremonies , the winners and Hubbard 's book share the spotlight .	0
Who is the founder of Scientology ?	For the most part , school officials whose campuses have participated in the contest said they were unaware of Hubbard 's Scientology connection or that his followers were directing the contest .	0
Who is the founder of Scientology ?	But one California public school system recently banned the contest after administrators conducted an investigation and learned that Hubbard was the author of Scientology 's doctrine .	0
Who is the founder of Scientology ?	In Spring , 1989 , the students won second place for organizing an anti-drug relay in which they passed each other a symbolic `` torch '' -- Hubbard 's booklet .	0
Who is the founder of Scientology ?	Garratt said that , while he was aware of Scientology , he had never heard of Hubbard .	0
Who is the founder of Scientology ?	He said he learned of the connection at the local library , where he went to investigate Hubbard 's background .	0
Who is the founder of Scientology ?	Garratt said the association refused to consider the possibility of holding the contest without Hubbard 's booklet .	0
Who is the founder of Scientology ?	Scientologists also are attempting to install a Hubbard tutorial program in public schools , using a church -affiliated organization called Applied Scholastics .	0
Who is the founder of Scientology ?	Applied Scholastics currently has plans to build a 1 , 000-acre campus , where the organization would train educators to teach Hubbard 's tutorial program .	0
Who is the founder of Scientology ?	A recent Applied Scholastics mailer predicted that the training center will be a `` model of real education for the world '' and `` create overwhelming public popularity '' for Hubbard .	0
Who is the founder of Scientology ?	Developed for students of Scientology , the Hubbard program is built upon an elementary premise : learning difficulties arise when students read past words they do not understand .	0
Who is the founder of Scientology ?	`` The misunderstood word in a subject produces a vast panorama of mental effects and is the prime factor involved in stupidity , '' Hubbard wrote in 1967 .	0
Who is the founder of Scientology ?	The Compton Unified School District in 1987 and 1988 allowed the Hubbard program to be tested with 80 students at Centennial Senior High School .	0
Who is the founder of Scientology ?	In applying for district financing , Clegg said the educational program was `` developed by American writer and educator L. Ron Hubbard . ''	0
Who is the founder of Scientology ?	Excluding any reference to Hubbard 's Scientology connection , he persuaded the board to provide $ 5,000 to tutor 30 sophomores with low reading scores and to conduct a parent workshop .	0
Who is the founder of Scientology ?	A Scientology publication in 1987 reported that the consultant network earned a combined $ 1.6 million a month selling Hubbard 's management methods to a variety of professionals , many of whom have reported improved incomes .	0
Who is the founder of Scientology ?	Businessmen are drawn into Scientology after they have gained confidence in Hubbard 's non-religious management methods .	0
Who is the founder of Scientology ?	It trains and licenses the firms to sell Hubbard 's copyrighted `` management and administrative technology . ''	0
Who is the founder of Scientology ?	On top of this , the consulting firms that sell Hubbard 's business methods must pay WISE 13 % of their annual gross income .	0
Who is the founder of Scientology ?	At the heart of Hubbard 's business system is a concept he called `` management by statistics , '' which he said guarantees optimum office efficiency .	0
Who is the founder of Scientology ?	A company spokesman said the firm charges clients $ 10,000 for its complete line of Hubbard courses and 30 hours of private consultation .	0
Who is the founder of Scientology ?	Mailed free to 300,000 health care professionals nationwide , it is filled with `` management '' articles by Hubbard that are actually excerpts from Scientology 's governing doctrines .	0
Who is the founder of Scientology ?	Hughes holds seminars across the country , offering himself as evidence that Hubbard 's methods work .	0
Who is the founder of Scientology ?	Another firm once licensed by Scientology 's WISE organization to sell Hubbard 's management techniques was Singer Consultants .	0
Who is the founder of Scientology ?	Singer Consultants was headed by Scientologist David Singer , an accomplished speaker and chiropractor who held nationwide seminars to pitch Hubbard 's business methods .	0
Who is the founder of Scientology ?	Although Singer refused to be interviewed by The Times , he told Dynamic Chiropractic : `` Hubbard was a prolific writer and wrote on a multitude of subjects .	0
Who is the founder of Scientology ?	Hubbard was so proud of a detoxification treatment he developed -- and so hungry for plaudits -- that he openly talked with his closest aides about winning a Nobel Prize .	0
Who is the founder of Scientology ?	They have embarked upon a controversial plan to win recognition for Hubbard and his treatment program in scientific and medical circles .	0
Who is the founder of Scientology ?	But some health authorities dismiss Hubbard 's program as a medical fraud that preys upon public fear of toxins .	0
Who is the founder of Scientology ?	In that context , it is simply called the `` Hubbard Method . ''	0
Who is the founder of Scientology ?	The nonprofit foundation has forged links with scientists across the country to gain legitimacy for itself and , thus , for Hubbard 's detox method .	0
Who is the founder of Scientology ?	`` The concept , '' he said , `` was to get some scientific recognition '' for Hubbard 's treatment without overtly linking it to the church .	0
Who is the founder of Scientology ?	The document was later amended , however , to remove Hubbard 's name , obscuring the foundation 's ties to the Scientology movement and its founder in official records .	0
Who is the founder of Scientology ?	Hubbard 's name , however , continues to appear regularly in the foundation 's slick newsletter .	0
Who is the founder of Scientology ?	In the latest edition , for instance , three different articles advocate the `` Hubbard method '' as an effective therapy for chemical and drug detoxification .	0
Who is the founder of Scientology ?	A fourth article did not mention Hubbard by name , but reported favorably on Narconon , his drug and alcohol rehabilitation program , which is run by Scientologists .	0
Who is the founder of Scientology ?	The other organization in the outreach effort is HealthMed Clinic , which administers Hubbard 's treatment from offices in Los Angeles and Sacramento and is run by Scientologists .	0
Who is the founder of Scientology ?	An independent medical consultant in Maryland who reviewed the program for the city of Shreveport , La. , dismissed Hubbard 's treatment as `` quackery . ''	0
Who is the founder of Scientology ?	The foundation , for its part , tries to scientifically validate the Hubbard method through studies and articles by individuals who either are Scientologists or hold foundation positions .	0
Who is the founder of Scientology ?	The four physicians who prompted the investigation said they decided to study the Hubbard treatment after receiving calls from union representatives , public agencies and individual workers throughout the state who had been solicited by the clinics .	0
Who is the founder of Scientology ?	The Hubbard method has been pitched to them as a cure for exposure to a carcinogen sometimes encountered during fires .	0
Who is the founder of Scientology ?	He said the foundation had found an effective detoxification technique developed by `` the late American researcher L. Ron Hubbard `` and delivered by HealthMed Clinic .	0
Who is the founder of Scientology ?	The article did not mention another of Hubbard 's notable developments -- Scientology .	0
Who is the founder of Scientology ?	I think L. Ron Hubbard is a bona fide genius . ''	0
Who is the founder of Scientology ?	Although city officials had learned of Hubbard 's Scientology connection , they were unconcerned .	0
Who is the founder of Scientology ?	A key element of the management techniques Scientologists sell to businessmen is L. Ron Hubbard 's `` organizational board . ''	0
Who is the founder of Scientology ?	In describing the Org Board 's virtues , Scientology consultants omit Hubbard 's colorful account of its origins -- an account reminiscent of one of his science fiction tales .	0
Who is the founder of Scientology ?	During a 1965 lecture to Scientologists in England , Hubbard said his board is a refined version of one that was used for `` 80 trillion years `` by an `` old galactic civilization . ''	0
Who is the founder of Scientology ?	Hubbard said the civilization died -LRB- he did not say when -RRB- because its organizational board lacked one division that he incorporated into his modern-day version .	0
Who is the founder of Scientology ?	Declared Hubbard : `` We do n't want these temporary fly-by-night affairs ! ''	0
Who is the founder of Scientology ?	L. Ron Hubbard	0
Who is the founder of Scientology ?	Consider the passage that a prominent Scientology minister selected from the religion 's scriptures , authored by the late L. Ron Hubbard , to inspire the faithful during a gala church event .	0
Who is the founder of Scientology ?	`` People attack Scientology , '' the minister quoted Hubbard as saying .	0
Who is the founder of Scientology ?	As far back as 1959 , Hubbard warned that illness and even death can befall those seeking to impede Scientology , known within the church as `` suppressive persons . ''	0
Who is the founder of Scientology ?	`` Literally , it kills them , '' Hubbard wrote , `` and if you do n't believe me I can show you the long death list . ''	0
Who is the founder of Scientology ?	`` Within a few weeks , '' Hubbard said , `` he contracted TB . ''	0
Who is the founder of Scientology ?	Before a British author 's critical biography of Hubbard was even released two years ago in Europe , the church had him and his publisher tied up in a London court for alleged copyright infringement .	0
Who is the founder of Scientology ?	`` We do not find critics of Scientology who do not have criminal pasts , '' Hubbard wrote back in 1967 .	0
Who is the founder of Scientology ?	When Scientology takes the offensive , L. Ron Hubbard 's writings provide the inspiration .	0
Who is the founder of Scientology ?	Here is a sampling of what Hubbard wrote :	0
Who is the founder of Scientology ?	Ironically , Hubbard 's doctrinal dictums have often served only to escalate conflicts and reinforce the cultish image the church has been trying to shake .	0
Who is the founder of Scientology ?	He wrote that `` anyone whose attitude is such as Mr. Hubbard displays in his writings can not be too surprised if the world treats him with suspicion rather than affection . ''	0
Who is the founder of Scientology ?	Its predecessor was the Guardian Office , whose members became so overzealous that Hubbard 's wife and 10 other Scientologists were jailed for bugging and burglarizing U.S. government agencies in the 1970s .	0
Who is the founder of Scientology ?	In 1980 , he investigated the sex life of U.S. District Judge James Richey , who was presiding over the criminal trial of Hubbard 's wife and the 10 other Scientologists .	0
Who is the founder of Scientology ?	Scientologists believed Mayo was using stolen Hubbard teachings .	0
Who is the founder of Scientology ?	Church spokesmen maintain that Hubbard rescinded the policy three years after it was written because its meaning had been twisted .	0
Who is the founder of Scientology ?	What Hubbard actually meant , according to the spokesmen , was that Scientology will not protect ex- members from people in the outside world who try to trick , sue or destroy them .	0
Who is the founder of Scientology ?	After his biography of Hubbard was published , an anonymous caller to police implicated him in the unsolved ax -slaying of a South London private eye .	0
Who is the founder of Scientology ?	And Hubbard 's followers apparently consider his theology of combat an important component .	0
Who is the founder of Scientology ?	The Times and staff writers Joel Sappell and Robert Welkos have done a commendable public service with the series on Hubbard and the Church of Scientology .	0
Who is the founder of Scientology ?	Corea is an acknowledged devotee of the self-improvement movement founded by the late L. Ron Hubbard .	0
Who is the founder of Scientology ?	But it credits Hubbard with writing the words and music to `` Cry Out , '' a song used as an anthem by the group .	0
Who is the founder of Scientology ?	`` I went to the address they gave me , and it said Author Services Inc. on the building but inside you walk into the L. Ron Hubbard Gallery , '' London said .	0
Who is the founder of Scientology ?	Moreover , the program itself , developed not by physicians or scientists , but by the founder of the Church of Scientology , has no recognized value in the established medical and scientific community .	0
Which city in China has the largest number of foreign financial companies ?	Today , there are scores of foreign-invested and joint-venture banks and finance companies in Shanghai , and there are Chinese -funded banks too .	1
Which city in China has the largest number of foreign financial companies ?	Shanghai now has 26 foreign financial companies , the largest number in China .	1
Which city in China has the largest number of foreign financial companies ?	The Development of Shanghai Is a Microcosm	0
Which city in China has the largest number of foreign financial companies ?	There is an element essential to the success or failure of reform as a whole : Whether or not the openness and development in Shanghai will make major headway .	0
Which city in China has the largest number of foreign financial companies ?	Deng Xiaoping maintained : `` It is a momentous measure to take hold of Shanghai .	0
Which city in China has the largest number of foreign financial companies ?	Shanghai is our trump card , and it is a short cut to boost the economy in Shanghai ... .	0
Which city in China has the largest number of foreign financial companies ?	In the past , Shanghai was a financial center , a place where money was freely convertible .	0
Which city in China has the largest number of foreign financial companies ?	If China wishes to gain an international position in the financial arena , we must rely on Shanghai in the first place . ''	0
Which city in China has the largest number of foreign financial companies ?	It can be stated that after two or three years of large-scale development and construction , Shanghai has become a dragon head of reform and opening up in the Chang Jiang valley , and even in the entire country .	0
Which city in China has the largest number of foreign financial companies ?	Shanghai 's reforms in foreign exchange , the securities market , the futures market , and banking have begun to take shape .	0
Which city in China has the largest number of foreign financial companies ?	Shanghai has taken a crucial step to revive the old dream of an oriental financial center .	0
Which city in China has the largest number of foreign financial companies ?	Among them , the Waigaoqiao Bonded Zone in Pudong , Shanghai , set up earliest of all and entirely closed , was the largest , covering an area of 10 square km .	0
Which city in China has the largest number of foreign financial companies ?	He viewed with disfavor the practices of absorbing purely foreign capital so as to make only Pudong prosperous , and of developing purely local industries , as such practices can not turn Shanghai into a modern cosmopolis .	0
Which city in China has the largest number of foreign financial companies ?	It is certain that the economic development and the establishment of a new structure in Shanghai will become a microcosm of the development trend of reform and opening up in China .	0
Which city in China has the largest number of foreign financial companies ?	Qiao said Hamburg established its partnership with China 's largest industrial city Shanghai as early as in 1986 .	0
Which city in China has the largest number of foreign financial companies ?	Shanghai , China 's largest economic center , will further cultivate its financial market and expand banking business this year .	0
Which city in China has the largest number of foreign financial companies ?	Shanghai has become the national center for securities exchanges .	0
Which city in China has the largest number of foreign financial companies ?	The Shanghai Securities Exchange , China 's largest , has 481 members distributed across the country .	0
Which city in China has the largest number of foreign financial companies ?	According to statistics , inter-bank loans in Shanghai last year rose by 37 percent over the previous year to 232.95 billion yuan .	0
Which city in China has the largest number of foreign financial companies ?	In addition , seven foreign-funded banks have opened in this , China 's most populous city during the last year , bringing the total number of foreign-funded banks in Shanghai to 26 .	0
Which city in China has the largest number of foreign financial companies ?	According to the bank president , Shanghai will continue to welcome the opening of foreign-funded bank branches and encourage the existing banking organizations to expand their business this year .	0
Which city in China has the largest number of foreign financial companies ?	Toshiba Machine has already opened service offices in Singapore and in Kuala Lumpur and Penang , Malaysia , and has plans for offices in Shanghai and Kaohsiung , Taiwan .	0
Which city in China has the largest number of foreign financial companies ?	The SHANGHAI JINGJI BA0 of 18 January reported that in 1993 Shanghai approved 3,650 new foreign investment projects , with 205 of them involving capital of over $ 10 million each .	0
Which city in China has the largest number of foreign financial companies ?	So far , 54 countries /areas have invested in Shanghai and 25 of the world 's 100 largest international conglomerates have set up businesses there .	0
Which city in China has the largest number of foreign financial companies ?	In 1993 , some 2,352 investment projects in Shanghai -LRB- excluding Pudong -RRB- , or 64 percent of the total , were approved at the lower levels .	0
Which city in China has the largest number of foreign financial companies ?	SHANGHAI JINGJIBAO also reported that foreign investment has expanded into the finance , real estate , commerce , food , and trade sectors .	0
Which city in China has the largest number of foreign financial companies ?	Forty four of China 's 500 joint ventures with the highest sales volumes are located in Shanghai .	0
Which city in China has the largest number of foreign financial companies ?	The Beijing JINGJI CANKAO BAO of 13 February reports that Shanghai plans to allow foreign financial companies to engage in renminbi business on a limited basis .	0
Which city in China has the largest number of foreign financial companies ?	Statistics show that so far , Shanghai has approved over 6,000 foreign investment projects and has already attracted over $ 13 billion in foreign capital .	0
Which city in China has the largest number of foreign financial companies ?	Individual districts in Shanghai have also taken their own initiatives to attract foreign investments .	0
Which city in China has the largest number of foreign financial companies ?	The Shanghai WEN HUI BAO of 1 February reported that the government has greatly lowered development costs in Shanghai 's Nanshi District so that foreign investors can enjoy a good return .	0
Which city in China has the largest number of foreign financial companies ?	The WEN HUI BAO of 29 January reported that Shanghai 's Hongkou District has also made major breakthroughs in foreign investment .	0
Which city in China has the largest number of foreign financial companies ?	The SHANGHAI JINGJI BAO of 25 January reported Shanghai 's Pudong New District further accelerated the pace of foreign investment in 1993 and attracted 924 new foreign enterprises along with $ 3.125 billion in capital .	0
Which city in China has the largest number of foreign financial companies ?	At the moment , Guangzhou only has seven branches and 24 representative offices of foreign banks , falling far behind Shanghai .	0
Which city in China has the largest number of foreign financial companies ?	The planned investments will concentrate on piers , container distribution areas , and trailers at ports such as Shanghai , Qingdao , and Shenzhen 's Shekou .	0
Which city in China has the largest number of foreign financial companies ?	Apart from the bonded warehouse project at Shanghai 's Waigaoqiao which has been finalized , its next investment project will be aimed at Fujian 's Zhangzhou Bay .	0
Which city in China has the largest number of foreign financial companies ?	In Shanghai , for example , it will cooperate with its mainland partner in running a bonded warehouse at Waigaoqiao .	0
Which city in China has the largest number of foreign financial companies ?	In the Changjiang River region , Shanghai alone had approved 482 direct Taiwan investment projects between January and September with a negotiated cost of $ 430 million dollars .	0
Which city in China has the largest number of foreign financial companies ?	Commenting on MOTIE 's plan , the 18 February TONGA ILBO reports the government will enact measures to reduce the concentration of South Korean investment in Manchuria and redirect investment toward Shanghai and further south .	0
Which city in China has the largest number of foreign financial companies ?	The newspaper also says that ROK trade offices , now limited to Beijing and Shanghai , will be expanded to Dalian and Chongqing .	0
Which city in China has the largest number of foreign financial companies ?	In recent years , foreign-funded banks have been allowed to set up offices in Shanghai , Guangzhou , and other open cities along the coast .	0
Which city in China has the largest number of foreign financial companies ?	Citicorp recently transferred its China headquarters from Hong Kong to Shanghai and became the first foreign-funded bank to set up a headquarters in China .	0
Which city in China has the largest number of foreign financial companies ?	J. P. Morgan , Swiss Bank Corporation , and Credit Lyonnais and Banque Indosuez of France have gone to Shanghai one after another to discuss setting up branches there .	0
Which city in China has the largest number of foreign financial companies ?	Guangdong Province same first , followed by Jiangsu Province , Shandong Province , Fujian Province , Zhejiang Province , Shanghai Municipality , Hainan Province , Liaoning Province , Beijing Municipality , and Tianjin Municipality .	0
Which city in China has the largest number of foreign financial companies ?	Shanghai 's planned development target for this century is to again ascend to the position of being one of the country 's , and even the Far Eastern region 's , economic , financial , and trade centers .	0
Which city in China has the largest number of foreign financial companies ?	Shanghai 's securities transaction market has in a period of just over three years , been the first to take the lead in tracing out a market domain that extends to the entire country .	0
Which city in China has the largest number of foreign financial companies ?	The Shanghai Stock Market has already broken through regional barriers , and extended over national borders , converging into the systemic circulation of the international capital market .	0
Which city in China has the largest number of foreign financial companies ?	More than three years ago , on December 19 , 1990 , in the Shanghai city government 's tall gray building , the Shanghai Stock Exchange opened for business .	0
Which city in China has the largest number of foreign financial companies ?	The volume of trade on the Shanghai Stock Market , from the early day totals of 20 million yuan has grown to the present greatest volume of business close to 4 billion yuan .	0
Which city in China has the largest number of foreign financial companies ?	There are some foreigners in the business who predict that between 2010 and 2020 , the Shanghai Stock Market will become one of the largest stock markets in the world .	0
Which city in China has the largest number of foreign financial companies ?	As China 's first capital market launched during reforn and opening , the Shanghai securities market is already having an ever greater deepening effect on China 's economic activity .	0
Which city in China has the largest number of foreign financial companies ?	In Shanghai 's most glamorous Pudong New Zone , the `` Shanghai Securities Tower `` has invested US $ 120 million and is each day `` adding brick , adding tile . ''	0
Which city in China has the largest number of foreign financial companies ?	Judging from the development of the international situation , China will face a rare , favorable opportunity for reform and development over a considerably long period of time .	0
Which city in China has the largest number of foreign financial companies ?	As asserted by some authoritative observers , China will continue to be in a process of rapid growth .	0
Which city in China has the largest number of foreign financial companies ?	Three Major Signs of Economic Direction : Referring to opportunities , Chinese Premier Li Peng pointed out : The new year will be a momentous one in which China 's economy will continue to maintain good development momentum .	0
Which city in China has the largest number of foreign financial companies ?	Explorations Should Be Made To Avoid Great Ups and Downs	0
Which city in China has the largest number of foreign financial companies ?	Over the past 15 years of reform and opening up , China 's economy has experienced several ups and downs , which have aroused attention in various quarters .	0
Which city in China has the largest number of foreign financial companies ?	The Development Research Center of the State Council , a major think tank in China , has listed it as one of the five major subjects for economic research in the 1990 's .	0
Which city in China has the largest number of foreign financial companies ?	It is hoped that the exploration into this law will help China avoid great ups and downs in its economy .	0
Which city in China has the largest number of foreign financial companies ?	When their income sags , they leave their villages and give up farming in order to engage in trade , a process that has led to the ever-increasing number of transients in the cities .	0
Which city in China has the largest number of foreign financial companies ?	In a considerable number of enterprises , labor protection was poor , with the air seriously polluted with poisonous gas and dust in excess of standards .	0
Which city in China has the largest number of foreign financial companies ?	The Four Factors Determining the Success or Failure of Reform	0
Which city in China has the largest number of foreign financial companies ?	Recently , quite a few institutions of information on scientific research , as well as specialists , and academics , made assessments and analyses of China 's situation of reform and openness , as well as its economic trends .	0
Which city in China has the largest number of foreign financial companies ?	Some of the serious problems at present are poor public order -- with the number of serious cases remaining high -- and the ugly phenomena still existing in society .	0
Which city in China has the largest number of foreign financial companies ?	The most important measures for the forward position of reform have been experimented here , and the development of Pudong has made headway , with a substantial influx of various types of foreign funds .	0
Which city in China has the largest number of foreign financial companies ?	If financial work -- like a pawn in a chess game -- is well played and invigorated , the whole game will be invigorated . ''	0
Which city in China has the largest number of foreign financial companies ?	Since the beginning of the 1990 's , a total of 12 bonded zones have been set up in China 's coastal areas .	0
Which city in China has the largest number of foreign financial companies ?	The visiting chairman of China 's National People 's Congress Standing Committee Qiao Shi said here today that China would further its ties with local states , cities and enterprises as well as the German Federal Government .	0
Which city in China has the largest number of foreign financial companies ?	He added that the number of Chinese companies in Hamburg has risen from one in 1979 to more than 100 today , pointing out that the first Chinese general consulate to Germany is also located there .	0
Which city in China has the largest number of foreign financial companies ?	He said Germans from all walks of life are welcome to China to work in cooperation with their Chinese counterparts .	0
Which city in China has the largest number of foreign financial companies ?	Mao noted that professional banks in the city granted loans in a timely fashion to support major state enterprises and construction of key state capital projects , and ensure the state purchase of farm and sideline products in 1993 .	0
Which city in China has the largest number of foreign financial companies ?	Its foreign exchange swap market clinched deals amounting to 5.294 billion yuan last year , an increase of 43.2 percent over the previous year and ranking first in the country .	0
Which city in China has the largest number of foreign financial companies ?	The China Foreign Exchange Center , still under preparation , has linked up with six key cities in the country .	0
Which city in China has the largest number of foreign financial companies ?	He notes that without foreign pressure , Japanese discount stores will continue to follow MITI , which wants to avoid any `` disturbance '' or change in the industry .	0
Which city in China has the largest number of foreign financial companies ?	The article notes that the supermarket chains are also experiencing difficulties because of the recession and the increasing number of discount stores .	0
Which city in China has the largest number of foreign financial companies ?	Japan 's largest rice trading firm has criticized this policy as promoting the sale of black market rice .	0
Which city in China has the largest number of foreign financial companies ?	In an apparent public relations effort , the Imperial Household Agency announced that the imperial family will also eat blended rice -LRB- 70 percent foreign and 30 percent domestic rice -RRB- , the 9 March ASAHI reports .	0
Which city in China has the largest number of foreign financial companies ?	The announcer states that some tourists are bringing in as much as 50 kilograms of rice per person ; Japanese citizens are permitted to bring in a total of 100 kilograms of foreign rice per year .	0
Which city in China has the largest number of foreign financial companies ?	In their pursuit of economic growth , the local governments have been competing to attract foreign investment .	0
Which city in China has the largest number of foreign financial companies ?	Their overtures to Japanese banks are thought to be part of their attempt to garner cooperation in capital financing from foreign financial institutions , not just from foreign investors in manufacturing and production .	0
Which city in China has the largest number of foreign financial companies ?	Despite the fact that investment by Japanese companies in these regions is still rather limited , the banks are now seriously considering where to set up offices in China 's interior areas .	0
Which city in China has the largest number of foreign financial companies ?	The Chinese Government is moving toward allowing a few foreign banks to open branches in Beijing , but because only one or two will be Japanese banks , the competition is intense .	0
Which city in China has the largest number of foreign financial companies ?	China To Authorize Japanese Banks To Use Yuan - Japanese banks will be authorized to use the Chinese yuan , but initially only for deposit-taking functions , according to the 8 March NIKKEI KINYU SHIMBUN .	0
Which city in China has the largest number of foreign financial companies ?	Under the revision , foreign banks can only make loans and conduct foreign exchange transactions in dollars or yen , while foreign companies operating there can only use yuan .	0
Which city in China has the largest number of foreign financial companies ?	The BOT 's previous agreements were a 1990 agreement with the National Finance Bank of Mexico and a 1991 agreement with the Chilean Foreign Investment Committee .	0
Which city in China has the largest number of foreign financial companies ?	At the same time , some foreign firms are expanding their activities in Japan 's MT market .	0
Which city in China has the largest number of foreign financial companies ?	In January 1994 South Korea eased restrictions on imports by reducing the number of products subject to its `` Importers Diversification List . ''	0
Which city in China has the largest number of foreign financial companies ?	Toshiba Machine , one of Japan 's largest MT companies , will establish an Asian network for after-sales service for MT equipment separate from its network of sales agents , according to the 28 February NIKKEI SANGYO .	0
Which city in China has the largest number of foreign financial companies ?	China accounts for `` just under 70 percent `` of Toshiba 's exports , NIKKEI SANGYO notes .	0
Which city in China has the largest number of foreign financial companies ?	This is illustrated by the growing number of agreements between semiconductor manufacturers of both countries .	0
Which city in China has the largest number of foreign financial companies ?	JEOL , a member of the Mitsubishi Group , is the latest of a number of Japanese SME firms `` advancing '' into South Korea to take advantage of robust capital investments being made by Korean semiconductor makers .	0
Which city in China has the largest number of foreign financial companies ?	A number of major SME manufacturers , including Canon and Tokyo Electron , have already established service subsidiaries in South Korea .	0
Which city in China has the largest number of foreign financial companies ?	In 1993 , Guangzhou City 's total output value was 23 percent more than in 1992 , reaching a total of 710 million yuan .	0
Which city in China has the largest number of foreign financial companies ?	Guangzhou City 's per capita gross domestic product -LRB- GDP -RRB- value exceeded 10,000 yuan for the first time , reaching 11,490 yuan , a 21 percent increase compared to the year before .	0
Which city in China has the largest number of foreign financial companies ?	Guangzhou City 's total amount of social commodity and retail was 3.073 million yuan , an increase of 41.14	0
Which city in China has the largest number of foreign financial companies ?	Its bank deposit surplus by financial organizations reached 99.462 billion yuan with a surplus loan value of 71.03 billion yuan .	0
Which city in China has the largest number of foreign financial companies ?	The readjustment of the city 's economic structure apparently resulted in higher economic benefits .	0
Which city in China has the largest number of foreign financial companies ?	The number of businesses suffering losses was reduced by 52 percent .	0
Which city in China has the largest number of foreign financial companies ?	Of the 640 enterprises in the city that have already opened up , 37 of these were set up as limited-liability companies with six of these issuing stocks .	0
Which city in China has the largest number of foreign financial companies ?	The actual foreign capital used jumped to $ 1.464 billion , an increase of 32.63 percent compared to 1992 .	0
Which city in China has the largest number of foreign financial companies ?	The total commodity export value in foreign trade reached $ 3.263 billion , 32.34 percent more than in 1992 .	0
Which city in China has the largest number of foreign financial companies ?	The standard of living of the people of Guangzhou City has also continued to rise .	0
Which city in China has the largest number of foreign financial companies ?	-LRB- Guangzhou NANFANG RIBAO 13 Feb 94 p 1 -RRB- Outlook for Auto Industry in 1994 - China produced 1,280 , 000 cars in 1993 , fulfilling 116.4 percent of the annual plan .	0
Which city in China has the largest number of foreign financial companies ?	At the end of 1993 , China possessed 8,200 , 000 vehicles , but about 1 million old vehicles need to be scrapped or replaced .	0
Which city in China has the largest number of foreign financial companies ?	China plans to replace 250,000 vehicles in 1994 , mainly mid-size freight cars and sedans .	0
Which city in China has the largest number of foreign financial companies ?	China has adopted severe measures to crack down on car smuggling , reorganize border and barter trade , and limit imports .	0
Which city in China has the largest number of foreign financial companies ?	Foreign exchange shortages .	0
Which city in China has the largest number of foreign financial companies ?	Although domestic sedan production has rapidly developed , rising prices for foreign spare parts and steel has greatly increased the amount of foreign exchange used by the auto industry .	0
Which city in China has the largest number of foreign financial companies ?	2 . Changes in the renminbi foreign exchange rates have increased production costs .	0
Which city in China has the largest number of foreign financial companies ?	A Korean company is to set up a plant to produce brake systems and Japan 's two largest specialized automakers intend setting up assembly lines .	0
Which city in China has the largest number of foreign financial companies ?	Rural enterprises have become the financial pillar of these counties .	0
Which city in China has the largest number of foreign financial companies ?	Defense enterprises have transferred spare parts and auxiliary equipment for a number of products , including refrigerators , cars , and TV satellite stations , to rural enterprises .	0
Which city in China has the largest number of foreign financial companies ?	-LRB- Chongqing XINAN JINGJI RIBAO 6 Feb 94 p 1 -RRB- Guangzhou Per Capita GDP Highest in PRC - Guangzhou City 's per capita GDP in 1993 was 11,490 renminbi , leading the country for the second successive year .	0
Which city in China has the largest number of foreign financial companies ?	Average annual growth in the city in recent years has reached 21 percent , greatly surpassing the original goal of 11.8 percent set for the 15 years to the turn of the century .	0
Which city in China has the largest number of foreign financial companies ?	The city has already succeeded in attracting a number of large international companies to establish businesses and is continuing to make strong efforts to attract new foreign investment .	0
Which city in China has the largest number of foreign financial companies ?	In addition , the authority to approve foreign investment projects under $ 10 million has been granted to district , county , and bureau authorities to improve efficiency .	0
Which city in China has the largest number of foreign financial companies ?	Under the current conditions , foreign companies will first be allowed to conduct renminbi deposit and loan business with foreign-invested enterprises and those state enterprises that receive supplementary renminbi loans along with foreign loans .	0
Which city in China has the largest number of foreign financial companies ?	The city plans to cooperate with foreign firms in retail , wholesale , capital goods , and trade businesses and will promulgate preferential policies to attract international finance companies to establish offices there .	0
Which city in China has the largest number of foreign financial companies ?	In addition to holding weekly receptions for foreign investors , the approval period for foreign investment projects in Nanshi is being reduced from 62 to 40 days .	0
Which city in China has the largest number of foreign financial companies ?	In 1994 , Hongkou plans to open a new section to attract foreign participation .	0
Which city in China has the largest number of foreign financial companies ?	Sixty nine percent out of the 140 export-oriented foreign enterprises approved in 1993 have already started to show a profit .	0
Which city in China has the largest number of foreign financial companies ?	Anhui Increases Foreign Investment , Enterprises in 1993 - In 1993 , Anhui Province approved 1,039 new joint ventures , a 50 percent increase over 1992 .	0
Which city in China has the largest number of foreign financial companies ?	Foreign businessmen increased investment in energy and transportation projects , and the tertiary industry .	0
Which city in China has the largest number of foreign financial companies ?	In 1993 , joint ventures earned over $ 80 million in foreign exchange from exports , a 90 percent increase over 1992 .	0
Which city in China has the largest number of foreign financial companies ?	The Shenzhen city government will borrow 30 million yuan from its financial revenue and , through the State Administration of Trade Development , give it to the export businesses to use for these purposes .	0
Which city in China has the largest number of foreign financial companies ?	The sixth policy seeks to reduce the export businesses ' tax burden within the scope of financial policies and to lend support to them in developing export enterprises .	0
Which city in China has the largest number of foreign financial companies ?	Those businesses that do not meet the standards of exports and earning foreign exchange will have their export operating rights rescinded and tax refund privileges confiscated .	0
Which city in China has the largest number of foreign financial companies ?	The role of PRC -funded firms in stoking the Hong Kong real estate market has attracted the scrutiny of Chen Yuan , vice president of the People 's Bank of China and son of elder leader Chen Yun .	0
Which city in China has the largest number of foreign financial companies ?	Chen Yuan also noted that the People 's Bank of China was not paying any special attention to the issue .	0
Which city in China has the largest number of foreign financial companies ?	Together , Hong Kong and Taiwan investors accounted for 58 percent of foreign investment in Beijing .	0
Which city in China has the largest number of foreign financial companies ?	Vietnam 's trade representative in Hong Kong , Huynh Minh Hue , said the venture was the largest of its kind so far .	0
Which city in China has the largest number of foreign financial companies ?	He also said that Guangdong should try to attract more foreign banks and China -funded banks in Hong Kong and Macao to set up branches in the province .	0
Which city in China has the largest number of foreign financial companies ?	Zhu requested the head office of the People 's Bank of China to consider easing the number of foreign banks allowed into Guangzhou .	0
Which city in China has the largest number of foreign financial companies ?	Zhu WanIi , governor of the Guangdong branch of the People 's Bank of China , said that Guangdong should make better use of the fund management experience and skills of Hong Kong and Macao .	0
Which city in China has the largest number of foreign financial companies ?	China mainly imports steel , coal , wool , gold , and raw materials from South Africa and exports textiles and electrical goods .	0
Which city in China has the largest number of foreign financial companies ?	-LRB- Hong Kong AFP 0609 GMT 16 Mar 94 -RRB- Shandong Reports Use of Foreign Government Loans - By the end of 1993 , Shandong had signed more than 160 contracts on the use of foreign government loans .	0
Which city in China has the largest number of foreign financial companies ?	The land tenure offered by Beihai City Government is for a period of 50 years and is renewable with government approval .	0
Which city in China has the largest number of foreign financial companies ?	The city government will provide all infrastructural facilities , while the Singapore side will be responsible for overall planning , leveling , waste disposal , attracting investment , property management , and so on .	0
Which city in China has the largest number of foreign financial companies ?	This industrial city is intended as a base for the development of advanced industries , on a par with Singapore 's industrial sophistication , and to create new jobs and import new technology and management techniques .	0
Which city in China has the largest number of foreign financial companies ?	Yukong will hold 40 percent of the equity , the rest being owned equally by the state-owned Sinopec and the Shenzhen City Government .	0
Which city in China has the largest number of foreign financial companies ?	Yukong has a long-term agreement to import 10,000 barrels of oil per day from China .	0
Which city in China has the largest number of foreign financial companies ?	Sinopec is the largest industrial corporation in the PRC , with 690,000 employees , a registered share capital of $ 2.5 billion , and assets valued at $ 15 billion .	0
Which city in China has the largest number of foreign financial companies ?	After putting this equipment into operation , Qingan County will change its telephone number from five digits to six .	0
Which city in China has the largest number of foreign financial companies ?	On 10 March , the China Post and Telecommunications Equipment Company , the Heilongjiang Provincial Post and Telecommunications Bureau , and a German company jointly signed this contract .	0
Which city in China has the largest number of foreign financial companies ?	This investment helped the city earn $ 200 million in exports .	0
Which city in China has the largest number of foreign financial companies ?	The city exported agricultural and sideline products valued at over 1 billion renminbi to over 20 foreign countries and regions last year .	0
Which city in China has the largest number of foreign financial companies ?	The foreign investors are mainly from Japan , the United States , France , Singapore , Indonesia , Hong Kong , Macao , and Taiwan .	0
Which city in China has the largest number of foreign financial companies ?	This amount has exceeded both the total number of investment projects and the total cost for the past five years .	0
Which city in China has the largest number of foreign financial companies ?	Jiangsu Province has the largest number of Taiwanese businesses .	0
Which city in China has the largest number of foreign financial companies ?	This large-scale and pluralistic grouping trend in Taiwan 's investment in China will continue .	0
Which city in China has the largest number of foreign financial companies ?	For its part , Hainan 's government has `` growing expectations '' concerning Taiwanese investment in the province , one of the five Chinese special economic zone , where foreign investment `` has lagged . ''	0
Which city in China has the largest number of foreign financial companies ?	Sakurai maintains that one uncertainty regarding investment in Hainan is `` deep-seated opposition '' to promoting trade with China among Taiwanese governmental officials .	0
Which city in China has the largest number of foreign financial companies ?	The United States is the largest importer of Taiwanese exports , absorbing some 28 percent of the nation 's total exports .	0
Which city in China has the largest number of foreign financial companies ?	Agricultural output and the number of related workers will drop considerably .	0
Which city in China has the largest number of foreign financial companies ?	A large number of foreign competitors will join Taiwan 's service industry , a situation which will result in the improvement of services because of fierce competition .	0
Which city in China has the largest number of foreign financial companies ?	A recent article in a Seoul journal features the views of two experts on North Korea on the DPRK 's interest in China 's reforms and the prospect for change in North Korea .	0
Which city in China has the largest number of foreign financial companies ?	SISA also reports the views of Ho Mun-yong , a prominent researcher at the National Unification Research Institute , regarding North Korea 's outlook on China 's reforms .	0
Which city in China has the largest number of foreign financial companies ?	Seoul is backing its drive into China -with a full range of direct and indirect subsidies designed to give ROK firms an advantage over competitors .	0
Which city in China has the largest number of foreign financial companies ?	The paper reports that the former fund is supporting China investors this year with some $ 50 million , and that the figure will grow to $ 5 billion by 1996 .	0
Which city in China has the largest number of foreign financial companies ?	At present , there are nine China -related deferred payment applications with a total value of $ 1.2 billion , according to the report .	0
Which city in China has the largest number of foreign financial companies ?	MOTIE intends to `` accelerate '' this by making China `` the main target for deferred payment export financing . ''	0
Which city in China has the largest number of foreign financial companies ?	MOTIE considers it `` urgent '' that South Korea build its own distribution network in China and is working on a plan to accomplish this , according to MKS .	0
Which city in China has the largest number of foreign financial companies ?	In the automotive sector , TONGA ILBO reports MOTIE wants to export finished cars to China , in addition to producing them locally .	0
Which city in China has the largest number of foreign financial companies ?	The 19 February MKS reports on how South Korean conglomerates are gearing up for large investments in China in anticipation of government support for increased involvement .	0
Which city in China has the largest number of foreign financial companies ?	China 's involvement on some level is being considered to facilitate overseas sales .	0
Which city in China has the largest number of foreign financial companies ?	Several of the firms cited above have already signed cooperative agreements with Asian countries and are `` extremely dissatisfied '' with the government 's decision to limit foreign cooperation to a single firm .	0
Which city in China has the largest number of foreign financial companies ?	MOTIE 's quest for a foreign partner stems from its `` concerns ' that local technology is inadequate , and that the ROK would have trouble selling the plane overseas on its own .	0
Which city in China has the largest number of foreign financial companies ?	Kwangju is getting its first graduate engineering research institute , staffed with many foreign instructors and geared toward acquiring foreign technology .	0
Which city in China has the largest number of foreign financial companies ?	South Korea will open two major research institutes over the next few months , one a government-sponsored S and T university in the southern city of Kwangju , the other a private business research facility in Yongin near Seoul .	0
Which city in China has the largest number of foreign financial companies ?	Although different in location , affiliation , and ostensible function , the two institutes share a common goal of acquiring information on foreign commerce and technology , and disseminating this knowledge among the ROK 's professional and managerial elite .	0
Which city in China has the largest number of foreign financial companies ?	The magazine reports a `` large number '' of foreign professors will be hired .	0
Which city in China has the largest number of foreign financial companies ?	The university will require faculty and students `` to attend all types of international academic meetings and receive education from foreign professors . ''	0
Which city in China has the largest number of foreign financial companies ?	Foreign languages will be taught to give students access to `` theoretical work in their specialties . ''	0
Which city in China has the largest number of foreign financial companies ?	The facility is designed to produce `` global businessmen `` on the premise that Samsung 's future depends on its employees ' knowledge of foreign customs , business practices , and languages .	0
Which city in China has the largest number of foreign financial companies ?	Satellite receivers will pick up lectures in foreign languages on these and other subjects .	0
Which city in China has the largest number of foreign financial companies ?	Samsung reportedly has consulted with Japan 's SR International , the United States ' Global Success , and other foreign firms on curricula .	0
Which city in China has the largest number of foreign financial companies ?	Ethnic Korean and foreign scientists and technicians with five years or more experience working overseas from the time they received a PhD .	0
Which city in China has the largest number of foreign financial companies ?	Ethnic Korean and foreign scientists and technicians who possess excellent , world-class R and D accomplishments or know-how , regardless of their degree or experience , as determined by the Selection Committee .	0
Which city in China has the largest number of foreign financial companies ?	If the nuclear issue is resolved and North Korea normalizes its foreign relations , ROK firms could possibly import 40-50,000 tons of scrap iron from North Korea annually .	0
Which city in China has the largest number of foreign financial companies ?	Currently , steel firms import 4-5,000 tons of North Korean pig iron each year via China .	0
Which city in China has the largest number of foreign financial companies ?	The moves are also expected to be a `` direct blow '' to ROK exports into China .	0
Which city in China has the largest number of foreign financial companies ?	While China 's reform measures bring its trade system in line with international standards , they also seem to reveal China 's intention to curb imports .	0
Which city in China has the largest number of foreign financial companies ?	The exchange rate adjustment and tax measures will act like a `` double trap '' to ROK exports to China .	0
Which city in China has the largest number of foreign financial companies ?	ROK firms that manufacture in China and export to third countries will see their competitiveness rise .	0
Which city in China has the largest number of foreign financial companies ?	Also , because foreign currency restrictions are being eased , there is a growing possibility that Chinese firms may expand their imports .	0
Which city in China has the largest number of foreign financial companies ?	It is the first car built by South Korea without royalty payments to foreign component suppliers .	0
Which city in China has the largest number of foreign financial companies ?	Korea Tungsten , founded in 1916 as an exporter of tungsten ore , has recently focused on manufacturing processed products as China has emerged as the biggest supplier of the metal .	0
Which city in China has the largest number of foreign financial companies ?	Koryo Zinc is also promoting development of lead and zinc mines in China .	0
Which city in China has the largest number of foreign financial companies ?	A contract will be signed at the end of April , with construction starting in September on a $ 6-million plant located outside Ho Chi Minh City .	0
Which city in China has the largest number of foreign financial companies ?	KODECO also established a joint venture with the Forestry Bureau of Shanhe Village , Heilongjiang Province , China .	0
Which city in China has the largest number of foreign financial companies ?	Chairman Kim U-chung and other Daewoo managers will visit China soon to finish negotiations- and the project will be announced officially after approval is obtained from both governments .	0
Which city in China has the largest number of foreign financial companies ?	-LRB- Seoul THE KOREA HERALD 10 Mar 94 p 8 -RRB- Daewoo Car Audio Plant in Tianjin Begins Operations - Daewoo Electronics expects to put its car audio plant in Tianjin , China into full operation on 11 March .	0
Which city in China has the largest number of foreign financial companies ?	Baharudin said that five countries are vying for the Asia-Pacific region 's LNG market , which is currently concentrated in Japan , south Korea , and Taiwan , with China and Thailand surfacing as potential markets .	0
Which city in China has the largest number of foreign financial companies ?	The city has turned its attention away from Manila , to a `` triangle area '' that includes East Indonesia , East Malaysia , and other parts of Mindanao .	0
Which city in China has the largest number of foreign financial companies ?	However , the article adds , the island 's main city , Davao , is trying to achieve economic growth by working with surrounding areas in Mindanao , East Indonesia , and East Malaysia .	0
Which city in China has the largest number of foreign financial companies ?	For example , Indonesia 's Bouraq Airlines currently makes two weekly flights to Davao and Philippine Airlines is seeking landing rights in Labuan , which is being developed as Malaysia 's financial center .	0
Which city in China has the largest number of foreign financial companies ?	-LRB- Manila MANILA BULLETIN 26 Feb 94 p B-1 -RRB- Decrease in Foreign Investment Reported - Foreign investment dropped to $ 327.942 million in 1993 from $ 328.012 million the previous year .	0
Which city in China has the largest number of foreign financial companies ?	industrial compound in Dong Nai , about 50 km from Ho Chi Minh City .	0
Which city in China has the largest number of foreign financial companies ?	The new company recently inaugurated a cardphone center in Ho Chi Minh City .	0
Which city in China has the largest number of foreign financial companies ?	As of August 1993 , Uniphonekad has issued 79,000 cards in Ho Chi Minh City , with an average of 6,000 cards per month .	0
Which city in China has the largest number of foreign financial companies ?	The company plans to open 200 new phone booths in the city in 1994 and increase the number of cards issued to 8,000 per month .	0
Which city in China has the largest number of foreign financial companies ?	Hanoi ranks second with an increase of 25.8 percent , followed by Ho Chi Minh City with 11.5 percent .	0
Which city in China has the largest number of foreign financial companies ?	Decisions are expected to be made in the next few months on Statoil 's $ 400-million gas project that includes a compression station , a liquefying plant , and a pipeline from Vung Tau to Ho Chi Minh City .	0
Which city in China has the largest number of foreign financial companies ?	The `` Regulations for Management Over Foreign-Funded Financial Organizations `` promulgated by Beijing in early March will come into force on 1 April .	0
Which city in China has the largest number of foreign financial companies ?	As a result , the regulations have attracted attention in banking circles in Hong Kong , Taiwan , Europe , and the United States , which are ready to apply to open branches in mainland China .	0
Which city in China has the largest number of foreign financial companies ?	More than 10 years ago , foreign-funded financial organizations were allowed to set up representative offices or branches in the four special economic zones -LSB- SEZ -RSB- of Shenzhen , Zhuhai , Shantou , and Xiamen .	0
Which city in China has the largest number of foreign financial companies ?	However , the two regulations were local documents and the provisions were too strict , which evoked complaints from many foreign investors .	0
Which city in China has the largest number of foreign financial companies ?	Compared with these two regulations , the unified national regulations for foreign-funded financial organizations , which will come into force on 1 April , are rather flexible .	0
Which city in China has the largest number of foreign financial companies ?	Figures from Hong Kong 's financial circles say that the new regulations have increased the proportion of fixed assets of foreign-funded banks and financial organizations from 25 percent of net capital plus reserves to 40 percent .	0
Which city in China has the largest number of foreign financial companies ?	This move encourages foreign-funded financial organizations to increase investment and buy premises .	0
Which city in China has the largest number of foreign financial companies ?	Although the new regulations do not include renminbi businesses in the scope of foreign-funded financial organizations , some people say they are allowed to deal with `` approved businesses in the country 's currency and other foreign currencies . ''	0
Which city in China has the largest number of foreign financial companies ?	This shows that there is a possibility of Chinese financial authorities lifting restrictions on foreign-funded financial organizations dealing with renminbi business in a limited way .	0
Which city in China has the largest number of foreign financial companies ?	With the further deepening of China 's economic structural reform and opening up , an increasing number of foreign-funded banks and financial organizations will set up branches and representative offices in China .	0
Which city in China has the largest number of foreign financial companies ?	Taiwan financial consortia which intend to set up branches on the mainland include Juntai , Tungtisi , Tungyee , Leeba , and Yuantung .	0
Which city in China has the largest number of foreign financial companies ?	With the rapid development of China 's economy and the implementation of the new regulations , it is estimated that more and more foreign-funded financial organizations will set up branches or offices on the mainland .	0
Which city in China has the largest number of foreign financial companies ?	There were 167,500 three type foreign funded enterprises as of late last year since the implementation of reform and the opening to the outside world 14 years ago .	0
Which city in China has the largest number of foreign financial companies ?	Of them the Sino-foreign joint ventured enterprises made up 107,800 , Sino-foreign cooperative ventured enterprises 25,500 and solely foreign funded enterprises 34,000 .	0
Which city in China has the largest number of foreign financial companies ?	The ten main provinces and cities seeing the largest number of foreign funded enterprises were ranked in descending order as follows .	0
Which city in China has the largest number of foreign financial companies ?	Countries and regions where three type foreign funded enterprises came from and made investment in China rose to 146 as of late 1993 .	0
Which city in China has the largest number of foreign financial companies ?	The ten main countries and regions which saw the greatest number of such enterprises run in China were put in a descending order .	0
Which city in China has the largest number of foreign financial companies ?	This was the new China 's first Stock Exchange , and from this emerged China 's first new and developing capital market .	0
Which city in China has the largest number of foreign financial companies ?	At the same time , the number of securities investors has expanded from 30 thousand to over 4.6 million people .	0
Which city in China has the largest number of foreign financial companies ?	What this series of numbers represents is the fact that there is no doubt that Shangai has already started down the road to becoming the radiation center for China 's securities market .	0
Which city in China has the largest number of foreign financial companies ?	It indicated that China 's securities market , in the same way as the international securities market , is striding towards the function of becoming a multifaceted capital market .	0
Who released the Internet worm in the late 1980s ?	Cornell graduate student Robert Morris alone created the program that infected thousands of military and university computers , the panel 's report said .	1
Who released the Internet worm in the late 1980s ?	The commission found that Morris probably wanted to spread the `` worm `` without detection but that , once it had been unleashed , he made only `` minimal efforts '' to stop its spread .	1
Who released the Internet worm in the late 1980s ?	Jury selection was to begin today in the case of Robert T. Morris Jr. , 24 , of Arnold , Md. , the first person to be tried criminally under the 1986 federal Computer Fraud and Abuse Act .	0
Who released the Internet worm in the late 1980s ?	Robert Tappan Morris was indicted by a federal grand jury in Syracuse , N.Y. , on one count of accessing without authorization at least six computers in which the federal government has an interest .	0
Who released the Internet worm in the late 1980s ?	Morris , who is on leave from Cornell , could face a possible five-year sentence and a $ 250,000 fine if convicted .	0
Who released the Internet worm in the late 1980s ?	Morris has told friends that he created the virus but did not intend for it to invade computers around the country .	0
Who released the Internet worm in the late 1980s ?	Morris pleaded not guilty on Aug. 2 .	0
Who released the Internet worm in the late 1980s ?	A federal magistrate Friday refused to dismiss a felony charge against a former Cornell University computer whiz accused of planting a `` worm `` program that shut down about 6,000 computers nationwide .	0
Who first circumnavigated the globe ?	ONE SUSPECTS that Ferdinand Magellan would have been the first to hand over Pounds 693 for a round-the-world air ticket .	1
Who first circumnavigated the globe ?	Sailing under Spanish colors , Magellan began the first circumnavigation of the globe in 1519 .	1
Who first circumnavigated the globe ?	Before he had completed his voyage , Magellan became embroiled in a dispute with rowdy islanders who relieved him of his life .	0
Who first circumnavigated the globe ?	Magellan 's expedition took two years ; yours should last at least a month , although a colleague of mine compressed five transglobal destinations into a confusing 11 days .	0
Who first circumnavigated the globe ?	Vasco da Gama and Ferdinand Magellan may seem unlikely rivals for Donald Duck and Mickey Mouse .	0
What country is the worlds leading supplier of cannabis ?	But it seems that Morocco , reverting to its traditional position in the matter , has decided for now to remain the world 's largest cannabis exporter .	1
What country is the worlds leading supplier of cannabis ?	Nigeria has also become the second largest world supplier of cannabis after Ghana , exporting 5 , 940lb last year .	1
What country is the worlds leading supplier of cannabis ?	In October 1992 , Morocco -- France 's largest supplier of hashish and the world 's largest exporter of the drug -- launched a campaign to suppress trafficking in this traditional local cash crop .	0
What country is the worlds leading supplier of cannabis ?	As successor to the Kif and Tobacco Authority established by the French colonial regime in 1926 , Morocco 's Agriculture Ministry each year reports the acreage devoted to each crop .	0
What country is the worlds leading supplier of cannabis ?	In 1993 , `` cannabis covers at least 65,000 ha in northern Morocco , '' says the OGD , which was given access to data acquired by the ministry 's Economic Statistics Service .	0
What country is the worlds leading supplier of cannabis ?	Cannabis Cultivation Grows Despite Efforts of Moroccan Government	0
What country is the worlds leading supplier of cannabis ?	The first half of 1993 also saw a significant increase in highway checkpoints in the northern part of the country .	0
What country is the worlds leading supplier of cannabis ?	TO DRUG enforcement officers they are known as 'swallowers ' or 'mules ' and in recent years Nigerians , who ingest condoms and balloons filled with heroin and cocaine , have emerged as the world 's leading drug traffickers .	0
What country is the worlds leading supplier of cannabis ?	The multi-million dollar illicit trade in drugs is tightly controlled by Nigerians who use Lagos as a transit station and exploit the country 's loose banking system , porous borders and a police and customs force notorious for corruption .	0
What country is the worlds leading supplier of cannabis ?	Nigerian drug barons have also flourished in a country where it is easy to launder drug money through the free-wheeling banking sector and where the recently established National Drug Law Enforcement Agency is inadequately funded .	0
How large is the Arctic refuge to preserve unique wildlife and wilderness value on Alaska 's north coast ?	The plan to link the US refuge in north-east Alaska and Canadian parkland in Yukon territory is part of an Interior Department options paper drawn up at the beginning of August .	0
How large is the Arctic refuge to preserve unique wildlife and wilderness value on Alaska 's north coast ?	Oil companies still hope to gain access to the fields in the longer term and oppose any move that would obstruct the future development of arctic reserves .	0
How large is the Arctic refuge to preserve unique wildlife and wilderness value on Alaska 's north coast ?	'It is one of the unfortunate accidents of fate , ' says Scott Kearin of the Alaska Wilderness League , 'that an area the oil industry thinks is very promising ca n't be developed without destroying the caribou herd .	0
Where is the highest point in Japan ?	I was not alone , just one of hundreds gathering on the summit of Mt Fuji , at 12 , 388ft the highest point in Japan .	1
Where is the highest point in Japan ?	Climbing Mt Fuji is more than just getting to the top of a mountain .	0
Where is the highest point in Japan ?	No camping is allowed on Mt Fuji .	0
What is the term for the sum of all genetic material in a given organism ?	-LRB- Genome is a useful technical term , meaning all the genetic material in a species , including the functioning genes , control regions that switch them on and off , and all the junk DNA in between . -RRB-	1
What is the term for the sum of all genetic material in a given organism ?	It is the Human Genome Project , and it concerns nothing less than the nature of man .	0
What is the term for the sum of all genetic material in a given organism ?	Genome research is the province of that department of biological science called genetics .	0
What is the term for the sum of all genetic material in a given organism ?	The quantity of information in a single human genome is equivalent to the amount of data in a thousand telephone directories each a thousand pages long .	0
What is the term for the sum of all genetic material in a given organism ?	But these advances are based on limited and partial knowledge of the human genome , which until recently presented too large a task for more than piecemeal investigation .	0
What is the term for the sum of all genetic material in a given organism ?	At a meeting in San Diego , California , in October 1989 , the Human Genome Project was launched , scheduled to take 15 years and promised Dollars 3bn by the US government over that period .	0
What is the term for the sum of all genetic material in a given organism ?	James Watson , one of the discoverers of DNA and the Genome Project 's head , has said : 'A more important set of instruction books will never be found by human beings .	0
What is the term for the sum of all genetic material in a given organism ?	Shapiro takes us through the detective story of how genetics developed , and lucidly explains the nature of the genome and the task of investigating it .	0
What is the term for the sum of all genetic material in a given organism ?	Both books make admirable and successful efforts to equip general readers with a clear grasp of the issues - an important matter , because the future of genome research prompts a number of difficult questions .	0
What is the term for the sum of all genetic material in a given organism ?	This is illustrated by both books when they turn from explanation of the genome project to the consequences of its successful completion .	0
What is the term for the sum of all genetic material in a given organism ?	This surprising discovery , by Mike Gale , Graham Moore and colleagues at Britain 's John Innes Centre in Norwich , working with the Japanese Rice Genome Research Programme , has huge implications for cereal breeding .	0
What is the term for the sum of all genetic material in a given organism ?	Rice will become the main focus of genetic research in cereals , because its genome is so much smaller and therefore easier to manipulate than the other species .	0
What is the term for the sum of all genetic material in a given organism ?	The government-funded Rice Genome Research Programme , is now half way through the task of discovering the precise chemical sequence of the estimated 30,000 rice genes .	0
What is the term for the sum of all genetic material in a given organism ?	The sum of all genetic material in a given organism is called the 'genome ' .	0
What is the term for the sum of all genetic material in a given organism ?	When finally interpreted , the genetic messages encoded within our DNA will provide the ultimate answers to the chemical underpinnings of human existence . '	0
What is the term for the sum of all genetic material in a given organism ?	Armed with so much genetic knowledge , will we be tempted to manipulate the genetic material of future people not just to exclude hereditary diseases , but to make them taller , more intelligent , more athletic ?	0
What is the term for the sum of all genetic material in a given organism ?	Should employers know the genetic profile of potential employees , some of whom they might refuse to employ because they have , say , a genetic risk of early death from heart disease ?	0
What is the term for the sum of all genetic material in a given organism ?	National restrictions on outside road hauliers mean that up to a fifth of Community lorries are driving around empty at any given time .	0
What is the term for the sum of all genetic material in a given organism ?	The interesting thing is that the genetic diversity discernible in such a soup would be very small : all humans are closely related because their evolution is such a recent event .	0
What is the term for the sum of all genetic material in a given organism ?	Seen through the lens of genetic science , humankind 's nature and history appear fascinating , extraordinary , and sometimes terrifying .	0
What is the term for the sum of all genetic material in a given organism ?	The collection of all such packets in an individual is called his 'genome ' ; the data it contains is equivalent in amount to a billion -page telephone directory .	0
What is the term for the sum of all genetic material in a given organism ?	After explaining the nature and functioning of genes , and how our genetic past lingers in our present , he takes us through an unfolding series of topics , a chapter on each .	0
What is the term for the sum of all genetic material in a given organism ?	It is one of the most potent agents for genetic change .	0
What is the term for the sum of all genetic material in a given organism ?	But it is humanity 's newly-acquired control over its genetic destiny which makes us mistrust the future .	0
What is the term for the sum of all genetic material in a given organism ?	Today , the different cereals vary enormously in their overall genetic characteristics .	0
What is the term for the sum of all genetic material in a given organism ?	At one extreme is wheat , with a vast amount of genetic material - six times more DNA than a human being - divided between 21 giant chromosomes .	0
What is the term for the sum of all genetic material in a given organism ?	It means that breeders , who have traditionally studied each species separately , can pool information and quickly come up with a common genetic map that applies to all grasses and cereals .	0
What is the term for the sum of all genetic material in a given organism ?	At the same time , plant scientists worldwide are making rapid progress in developing the genetic engineering technology that will be required to make practical use of the newly discovered genes .	0
What is the term for the sum of all genetic material in a given organism ?	In the longer run , there is potentially huge scope for genetic engineering of all cereals to make them more resistant to attack by pests and diseases and to withstand adverse weather .	0
What is considered the costliest disaster the insurance industry has ever faced ?	The worst damage came from Hurricane Hugo , which cost insurers about Dollars 4.2bn .	1
What is considered the costliest disaster the insurance industry has ever faced ?	US INSURERS expect to pay out an estimated Dollars 7.3bn -LRB- Pounds 3.7bn -RRB- in Florida as a result of Hurricane Andrew - by far the costliest disaster the industry has ever faced .	1
What is considered the costliest disaster the insurance industry has ever faced ?	But on the Florida losses alone , Hurricane Andrew becomes the most costly insured catastrophe in the US .	1
What is considered the costliest disaster the insurance industry has ever faced ?	Even then , Hurricane Andrew was by far the most costly catastrophe which the US property-casualty insurance sector has faced .	1
What is considered the costliest disaster the insurance industry has ever faced ?	In the US , Hurricane Andrew - which ripped through Florida and Louisiana in August 1992 and was the nation 's costliest disaster -brought a insurance bill of USDollars 15bn -LRB- Pounds 10bn -RRB- .	1
What is considered the costliest disaster the insurance industry has ever faced ?	All the losses related to the earthquake , which has become the second -costliest natural disaster in the history of the US insurance industry , behind Hurricane Andrew in 1992 .	1
What is considered the costliest disaster the insurance industry has ever faced ?	Hurricane Andrew , which tore through Florida in August 1992 , was the costliest US catastrophe with losses of more than Dollars 16bn .	1
What is considered the costliest disaster the insurance industry has ever faced ?	THERE are growing signs that Hurricane Andrew , unwelcome as it was for the devastated inhabitants of Florida and Louisiana , may in the end do no harm to the re-election campaign of President George Bush .	0
What is considered the costliest disaster the insurance industry has ever faced ?	US insurers expect to pay out around Dollars 500m in claims as a result of damage caused by Hurricane Andrew in Louisiana , the American Insurance Services Group said yesterday , Nikki Tait reports .	0
What is considered the costliest disaster the insurance industry has ever faced ?	However , the final cost of Hurricane Andrew will be higher still .	0
What is considered the costliest disaster the insurance industry has ever faced ?	Hurricane Hugo , which hit the east coast in September 1989 , cost the insurance industry about Dollars 4.2bn .	0
What is considered the costliest disaster the insurance industry has ever faced ?	With Florida 's Hurricane Andrew losses added in , the total rises to Dollars 11.2bn .	0
What is considered the costliest disaster the insurance industry has ever faced ?	This easily exceeds the record Dollars 7.6bn of catastrophe losses seen in 1989 , when the industry paid out on both Hurricane Hugo and the Loma Prieta earthquake in California .	0
What is considered the costliest disaster the insurance industry has ever faced ?	A LEADING US insurance company yesterday estimated that the industry could face losses of around Dollars 8bn to Dollars 10bn as a result of Hurricane Andrew , which left a five-day trail of destruction in Florida and Louisiana .	0
What is considered the costliest disaster the insurance industry has ever faced ?	HURRICANE Andrew , claimed to be the costliest natural disaster in US history , yesterday smashed its way through the state of Louisiana , inflicting severe damage on rural communities but narrowly missing the low-lying city of New Orleans .	0
What is considered the costliest disaster the insurance industry has ever faced ?	Hurricane Hugo , which devastated much of South Carolina in 1989 , cost the insurance industry some Dollars 4.2bn .	0
What is considered the costliest disaster the insurance industry has ever faced ?	THE US insurance industry expects to pay out Dollars 10.2bn in claims to victims of Hurricane Andrew , which ripped through southern Florida and Louisiana in late August .	0
What is considered the costliest disaster the insurance industry has ever faced ?	One reason for believing the insurance cycle should turn following the Hurricane Andrew losses is that property-casualty insurers are believed to be carrying lower levels of catastrophe reinsurance than they were a few years ago .	0
What is considered the costliest disaster the insurance industry has ever faced ?	The annual results were boosted by significantly lower catastrophe losses last year than in 1992 when the insurance industry paid out large sums following Hurricane Andrew and other big disasters .	0
What is considered the costliest disaster the insurance industry has ever faced ?	Discussions at the meeting focussed on the experience of Florida , which faced a similar insurance crisis after the devastation caused by Hurricane Andrew .	0
What is considered the costliest disaster the insurance industry has ever faced ?	According to the Insurance Information Institute , the LA losses easily exceeded those resulting from the 1965 Watts riots , also in Los Angeles .	0
What is considered the costliest disaster the insurance industry has ever faced ?	The latest LA riots rank fifth in terms of catastrophic losses for the insurance industry .	0
What is considered the costliest disaster the insurance industry has ever faced ?	This was followed by the Oakland fire disaster last year -LRB- Dollars 1.26bn -RRB- .	0
What is considered the costliest disaster the insurance industry has ever faced ?	This takes the insurance bill from the storm to around Dollars 8bn , making it the costliest disaster to hit the US .	0
What is considered the costliest disaster the insurance industry has ever faced ?	Although there had already been some preliminary guesses at the level of insurance claims , yesterday 's figure comes from the Property Claims Services division of the American Insurance Services Group , the property-casualty insurers ' trade association .	0
What is considered the costliest disaster the insurance industry has ever faced ?	It follows an extensive survey of the area by the big insurance companies .	0
What is considered the costliest disaster the insurance industry has ever faced ?	Mr Gary Kerney , director of catastrophe services at the PCS , said the industry was expecting about 685,000 claims in Florida alone .	0
What is considered the costliest disaster the insurance industry has ever faced ?	By contrast , insurance claims resulting from the Los Angeles riots earlier this year - the most expensive civil disturbance in the US - totalled just Dollars 775m .	0
What is considered the costliest disaster the insurance industry has ever faced ?	The property-casualty industry is thought to have adequate reserves to cover the disaster .	0
What is considered the costliest disaster the insurance industry has ever faced ?	Some of those affected by the disaster claim that relief efforts have been disorganised , and that much-needed supplies have been slow to arrive .	0
What is considered the costliest disaster the insurance industry has ever faced ?	On the insurance front , estimates of the industry 's losses have varied in recent days , but a consensus seems to be forming around the Dollars 10bn figure .	0
What is considered the costliest disaster the insurance industry has ever faced ?	The new estimate , released yesterday by the Property Claims Services division of the American Insurance Service Group , an industry trade association , represents an increase from the original assessment of Dollars 7.8bn .	0
What is considered the costliest disaster the insurance industry has ever faced ?	Many Wall Street analysts are suggesting the scale of the losses could prompt a turn in the US property-casualty industry cycle which would allow insurance companies to push up rates and move closer to making underwriting profits .	0
What is considered the costliest disaster the insurance industry has ever faced ?	The storm system swept through southern Florida and Louisiana in late-August , causing massive damage and becoming the costliest disaster which the US insurance industry has ever faced .	0
What is considered the costliest disaster the insurance industry has ever faced ?	S & P currently has a AA minus claims-paying rating on Allstate Insurance Company , and its property-casualty subsidiaries .	0
What is considered the costliest disaster the insurance industry has ever faced ?	However , many in the industry are already warning that expansion has been too quick and that the rapid supply of capital into the market could lead to a resumption of rate competition .	0
What is considered the costliest disaster the insurance industry has ever faced ?	Andrew in particular , which with losses of more than Dollars 15bn is the US 's costliest natural disaster , has been a decisive factor prompting some reinsurance companies to leave the market .	0
What is considered the costliest disaster the insurance industry has ever faced ?	Marsh McLennan , the world 's biggest insurance broker , and JP Morgan , the merchant bank , sponsored Mid-Ocean 's formation last November with capital of Dollars 350m .	0
What is considered the costliest disaster the insurance industry has ever faced ?	Since the summer , US and overseas investors and insurance companies have been launching ventures at the rate of almost one a week in Bermuda .	0
What is considered the costliest disaster the insurance industry has ever faced ?	Nevertheless many in the industry remain unconvinced that the new capacity will not affect rates .	0
What is considered the costliest disaster the insurance industry has ever faced ?	Meanwhile , questions about New South Wales ' handling of the disaster are already being asked .	0
What is considered the costliest disaster the insurance industry has ever faced ?	No one queries the dedication and skill with which fire- fighters tackled the blazes , but there are suggestions that inadequate forward preparation allowed the disaster to get out of hand .	0
What is considered the costliest disaster the insurance industry has ever faced ?	Estimates of the cost to the insurance industry are being scaled back , for example .	0
What is considered the costliest disaster the insurance industry has ever faced ?	That said , insurers admit that it is still hard to assess the degree to which affected homeowners may have been either under-insured or without insurance altogether .	0
What is considered the costliest disaster the insurance industry has ever faced ?	Mr Maurice Greenberg , chairman , said the strong quarterly and annual results reflected the increase in operating income reported by all of AIG 's three main businesses - general insurance , life insurance and financial services .	0
What is considered the costliest disaster the insurance industry has ever faced ?	He singled out the performance of the group 's Asian operations , particularly its new life and non-life insurance operations in China , which he said had an 'outstanding ' debut .	0
What is considered the costliest disaster the insurance industry has ever faced ?	Also , AIG said insurance rates had risen in several overseas markets .	0
What is considered the costliest disaster the insurance industry has ever faced ?	General insurance premiums written by the group climbed almost 10 per cent to more than Dollars 10bn last year , which helped lift operating income from the general insurance business 28 per cent to Dollars 1.35bn .	0
What is considered the costliest disaster the insurance industry has ever faced ?	The group 's general insurance division recorded earnings of Dollars 349.5m , down slightly from Dollars 351.8m a year ago but up 12.5 per cent if the catastrophe business is excluded .	0
What is considered the costliest disaster the insurance industry has ever faced ?	Life insurance earnings climbed 18 per cent to Dollars 194.4m , and financial services posted operating income of Dollars 97.1m , up 13 per cent from a year earlier .	0
What is considered the costliest disaster the insurance industry has ever faced ?	Insurance companies operating in California are bracing themselves for legislation which would force them to offer earthquake cover .	0
What is considered the costliest disaster the insurance industry has ever faced ?	After a meeting on Monday of Governor Pete Wilson and representatives of 18 insurance companies , a spokesman for Mr Wilson said 'some type of action , probably legislative action ' was likely .	0
What is considered the costliest disaster the insurance industry has ever faced ?	Farmers , a subsidiary of the UK 's BAT Industries , had decided temporarily to stop writing homeowners ' insurance in the state .	0
What is considered the costliest disaster the insurance industry has ever faced ?	At present , insurers are required by law in California to offer optional earthquake insurance to anyone who buys one of their homeowner policies .	0
What is considered the costliest disaster the insurance industry has ever faced ?	That catastrophe cost the insurance industry more than Dollars 15bn , prompting insurers to abandon offering hurricane insurance in the state .	0
What is considered the costliest disaster the insurance industry has ever faced ?	Zurich Insurance , the large Swiss company , owns a stake in Mr Sandor 's company , and others , including two UK brokers - Sedgwick and Willis Corroon - are also exploring the potential .	0
What is considered the costliest disaster the insurance industry has ever faced ?	Underpinning the interest is the conviction that the capital base of the orthodox insurance and reinsurance industry is increasingly inadequate to cope with the scale of catastrophic risks , a fact graphically demonstrated by disasters in the US .	0
What is considered the costliest disaster the insurance industry has ever faced ?	Claims on a loss warranty policy are triggered by two sets of losses : those on the insurance policy of the buyer , and industry-wide claims .	0
What is considered the costliest disaster the insurance industry has ever faced ?	In spite of industry scepticism , enthusiasts stress the attractions of the new products .	0
